
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153803                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153803442000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5329971520500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  85509                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   162830                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              203783585                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3998172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   754.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64537132                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122894523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25268736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25268736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21421376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21421376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164292396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164292396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139277611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139277611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303570007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303570007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394825                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334709                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394825                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334709                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25267776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21421184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25268800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21421376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            20988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   135467                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    16366                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153803178500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394825                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334709                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                141192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  52470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  52837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  21940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  37434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       214810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.349434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.177476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.571116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        67911     31.61%     31.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53996     25.14%     56.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69823     32.50%     89.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10310      4.80%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5940      2.77%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2827      1.32%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1488      0.69%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1003      0.47%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1512      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       214810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.904992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.974011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49935     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.701760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.089332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.532598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40221     80.53%     80.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1878      3.76%     84.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5080     10.17%     94.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2764      5.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 65938912867                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            73341581617                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   167014.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              185764.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  295196                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 219507                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210823.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565928750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5135780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122100464250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              817765200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              806190840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              446201250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              439885875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546443600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1533012000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086086880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082808000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61106380605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60851051100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38679145500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38903118750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113727608715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113661652245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.441406                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.012566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24508928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24508928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20683520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20683520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159352272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159352272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134480215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134480215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293832488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293832488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382952                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323180                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382952                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323180                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24507840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20683456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24508928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20683520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    94769                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    13621                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153802687500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382952                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323180                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  4056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  4929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                101427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  50427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  52057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  53374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  20374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  30823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       186346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   242.508366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.294070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.799779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39870     21.40%     21.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52692     28.28%     49.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69987     37.56%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10386      5.57%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6120      3.28%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2759      1.48%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1565      0.84%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1037      0.56%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1930      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       186346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.907488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.627232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48420     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.673667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.079231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.470224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38553     79.61%     79.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2838      5.86%     85.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4293      8.87%     94.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2742      5.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 58409975886                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            65590007136                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   152532.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              171282.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.39                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  291576                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 228186                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217810.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041987500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5135780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121624399500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              709483320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              699284880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              387118875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              381554250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500673200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486149600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1048962960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1045204560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60074376795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59599960380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39584412000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40000566750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113350612830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113258306100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          736.990230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.390064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24509184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24509184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20684864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20684864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159353937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159353937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134488954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134488954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293842891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293842891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382956                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323201                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382956                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323201                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24508032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20684608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24509184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20684864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    87759                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    13088                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153802588000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382956                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323201                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  4240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 94836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  50746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  52366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  53109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  53814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  20080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  29506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       185772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.268006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.274544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.378498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39148     21.07%     21.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52139     28.07%     49.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70546     37.97%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10545      5.68%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6102      3.28%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2815      1.52%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1531      0.82%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1014      0.55%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1932      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       185772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.892718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.673409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48511     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.661521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.075379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.440655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38581     79.52%     79.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3070      6.33%     85.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4187      8.63%     94.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2679      5.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 57557280592                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            64737368092                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   150304.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              169054.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  291601                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 228758                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217802.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5135780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121527678250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              706822200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              697614120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              385666875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              380642625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500891600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485993600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1048930560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1045386000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59652117945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59190107580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39954814500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40360086750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113294829360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113205416355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.627534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.046182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24489088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24489088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20682624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20682624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323166                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323166                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159223277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159223277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134474390                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134474390                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293697666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293697666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382642                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323166                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382642                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323166                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24488448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20682624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24489088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20682624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    84572                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    12584                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153802291500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382642                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323166                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  4082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  4148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 91475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  50750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  52565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  53290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  54051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  19982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  28990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       184651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.627021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.971515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.276252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37725     20.43%     20.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52414     28.39%     48.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70786     38.34%     87.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10472      5.67%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5969      3.23%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2747      1.49%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1552      0.84%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1030      0.56%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1956      1.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       184651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48530                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.884422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.048863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48524     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48530                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.659097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.074875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.435251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38569     79.47%     79.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3152      6.49%     85.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4088      8.42%     94.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2721      5.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 57330736483                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            64505086483                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   149832.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              168582.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  291381                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 229761                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    217909.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26224936750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5135780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122441353250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              702354240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              693577080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              383229000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              378439875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499191200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485252600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1048800960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1045282320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59829936570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59283689040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39798833250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40277997750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113307930900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113209824345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.712718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.074843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13546989                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 47.529281                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.595830                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                91.628539                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    13047044     96.31%     96.31% |      346884      2.56%     98.87% |      117719      0.87%     99.74% |       33804      0.25%     99.99% |        1536      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13546989                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43659111                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.123939                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.650272                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.230210                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41541611     95.15%     95.15% |     1405281      3.22%     98.37% |       22444      0.05%     98.42% |       27198      0.06%     98.48% |       51738      0.12%     98.60% |      112694      0.26%     98.86% |      162177      0.37%     99.23% |      213795      0.49%     99.72% |      122173      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43659111                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43659109                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              28.478074                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.741811                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            183.121528                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43265479     99.10%     99.10% |      303579      0.70%     99.79% |       76469      0.18%     99.97% |       11994      0.03%    100.00% |        1449      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43659109                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41487708                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000155                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000131                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.014167                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41481758     99.99%     99.99% |        5823      0.01%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41487708                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171401                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        515.269993                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       254.790669                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       651.820530                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1777771     81.87%     81.87% |      303579     13.98%     95.85% |       76469      3.52%     99.37% |       11994      0.55%     99.93% |        1449      0.07%     99.99% |         116      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171401                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         148749                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       148749                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          824                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          582                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          532                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          485                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26899472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312082                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28211554                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14583291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127052                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14710343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       479351                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46053                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       188855                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130433                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78033                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          645                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94101                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        33843                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        32582                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          596                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88962                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89558                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        31915                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94110                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        33584                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        32981                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        32721                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88945                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89558                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        32284                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          628                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        33343                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119227                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47879                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64725                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60433                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63459                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47837                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64309                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47887                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62301                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47823                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67932                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47793                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47896                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64843                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18405                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66346                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18411                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47829                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62023                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47796                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47867                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61489                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47839                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10842                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14900                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62827                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62984                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21768795                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21768795                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22044201                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21768795                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8886907                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8875283                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21768794                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.070768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9623724                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9623724                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9881795                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9623724                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4305347                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4294952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9623724                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.031286                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7258530                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7258530                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7561340                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7258530                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2725030                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2713846                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7258530                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023597                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6100356                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6100356                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6376131                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6100356                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2346763                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2337680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6100356                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.019832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8386765                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8386765                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8717971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8386765                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3576315                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3555529                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8386765                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027265                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8743002                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8743002                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9070305                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8743002                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3644383                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3634670                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8743002                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028423                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9246852                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9246852                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9594494                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9246852                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3334668                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3324924                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9246852                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030061                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6277804                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6277804                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6600647                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6277804                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2384909                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2376212                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6277804                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020409                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4199804                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4199804                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4354437                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4199804                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1654159                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1646224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4199804                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013653                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5543069                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5543069                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5782850                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5543069                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2347762                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2336561                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5543069                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018020                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3877736                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3877736                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3973771                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3877736                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1461301                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1458868                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3877736                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012606                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3445636                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3445636                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3472536                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3445636                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1279649                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1279232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3445636                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011201                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4767425                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4767425                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4806244                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4767425                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967507                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1966849                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4767425                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015498                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3642675                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3642675                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3672243                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3642675                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371724                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1371235                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3642675                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011842                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2101046                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2101046                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2125372                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2101046                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768024                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       767622                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2101046                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006830                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3205221                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3205221                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3258613                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3205221                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1165632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1164701                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3205221                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010420                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4328633                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4328633                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4381207                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4328633                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1520221                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1519293                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4328633                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014072                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3360019                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3360019                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3418467                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3360019                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1205868                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1204811                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3360019                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010923                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3435161                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3435161                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3520978                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3435161                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1255440                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1253541                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3435161                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011167                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959206                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959206                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1980596                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959206                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724165                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723802                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959206                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006369                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1798490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1798490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1803674                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1798490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720814                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720746                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1798490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005847                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2430437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2430437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2438870                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2430437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034761                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034197                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2430437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007901                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2108996                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2108996                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2117194                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2108996                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845069                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       844964                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2108996                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311388                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311388                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311388                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311388                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499452                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499452                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311388                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004263                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1758676                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1758676                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1763856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1758676                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       675014                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       674956                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1758676                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005717                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2408250                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2408250                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2416694                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2408250                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1014175                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013726                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2408250                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007829                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2067691                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2067691                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2075461                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2067691                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819269                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819183                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2067691                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006722                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506395                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506395                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004329                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7847675                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7847675                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8298031                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7847675                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2927140                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2920539                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7847674                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7880039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7880039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8182746                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7880039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2897527                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2890647                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7880039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025617                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7872152                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7872152                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8289517                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7872152                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2896092                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2888668                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7872152                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025592                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8222253                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8222253                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8592208                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8222253                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3033331                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3025601                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8222253                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026730                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12896728     29.47%     29.47% |    28798576     65.82%     95.29% |     2060279      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43755583                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12896729     29.47%     29.47% |    28798577     65.82%     95.29% |     2060279      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43755585                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   492818059                       |   692836285                       |    45968465                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   681965388                       |   117270388                       |     2060279                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   38.212643                       |   24.058005                       |   22.311767                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   52.878946                       |    4.072090                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.147787                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    18.313001                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         46.460788                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002238                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052627      7.63%      7.63% |    0.052607      7.63%     15.26% |    0.051135      7.42%     22.68% |    0.051053      7.41%     30.09% |    0.112190     16.27%     46.36% |    0.112163     16.27%     62.63% |    0.112106     16.26%     78.89% |    0.112034     16.25%     95.14% |    0.008371      1.21%     96.36% |    0.008373      1.21%     97.57% |    0.008372      1.21%     98.79% |    0.008371      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.689402                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017099                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027820                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001803                       |    0.001754                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001804                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001754                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004522                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002023                       |    0.002012                       |    0.002008                       |    0.001960                       |    0.001959                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002075                       |    0.002064                       |    0.001994                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001991                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002056                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002118                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002078                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002066                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002274                       |    0.002228                       |    0.007696                       |    0.007463                       |    0.007463                       |    0.007457                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000358                       |    0.000842                       |    0.000062                       |    0.000066                       |    0.000059                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000060                       |    0.000064                       |    0.000054                       |    0.000055                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002203                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002143                       |    0.001421                       |    0.001733                       |    0.002153                       |    0.000054                       |    0.002555                       |    0.005291                       |    0.001868                       |           0                       |    0.002277                       |    0.006837                       |           0                       |    0.005309                       |    0.008391                       |    0.002699                       |    0.001834                       |    0.002143                       |    0.000062                       |    0.005678                       |    0.004443                       |    0.009438                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002127                       |    0.000066                       |    0.007896                       |    0.004979                       |    0.002980                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |    0.006609                       |           0                       |    0.008181                       |    0.005037                       |    0.003547                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004142                       |    0.002519                       |    0.002354                       |           0                       |    0.002216                       |           0                       |    0.002078                       |    0.001423                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001149                       |    0.002118                       |    0.002384                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000055                       |    0.002406                       |    0.004105                       |    0.005306                       |    0.002223                       |    0.001734                       |    0.002122                       |    0.000059                       |    0.004706                       |    0.008215                       |    0.007129                       |    0.003301                       |    0.027702                       |    0.003981                       |    0.000358                       |    0.003416                       |    0.013579                       |    0.017677                       |    0.004055                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002247                       |    0.000842                       |    0.003366                       |    0.006658                       |    0.014118                       |    0.004054                       |    0.001834                       |    0.002113                       |    0.000065                       |    0.006916                       |    0.005485                       |    0.007893                       |    0.004116                       |           0                       |    0.002120                       |           0                       |    0.002023                       |    0.004102                       |    0.004079                       |    0.003175                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |    0.001120                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002359                       |           0                       |    0.002259                       |           0                       |    0.000257                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.001975                       |    0.002334                       |    0.003994                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002412                       |    0.006610                       |           0                       |    0.001907                       |    0.005293                       |    0.007248                       |    0.002122                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002080                       |    0.000060                       |    0.014843                       |    0.005655                       |    0.003468                       |    0.002171                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002086                       |    0.000064                       |    0.002162                       |    0.007873                       |    0.004281                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.002341                       |    0.006607                       |           0                       |    0.002780                       |    0.008220                       |    0.004594                       |    0.002187                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.001150                       |    0.004072                       |    0.002297                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002207                       |           0                       |    0.000220                       |    0.002066                       |    0.002230                       |           0                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002061                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.000878                       |           0                       |    0.003834                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.002905                       |    0.000659                       |    0.004734                       |           0                       |    0.002171                       |           0                       |    0.007110                       |    0.002469                       |    0.002322                       |           0                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005117                       |    0.002757                       |           0                       |    0.002187                       |           0                       |    0.004575                       |    0.004406                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004168                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002230                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002100                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.689402                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14470251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14470251                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694935                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11819900                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11165140                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.460528                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          572434                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29678                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14670743                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95040                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22445209                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188699                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14765783                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22633908                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37115952                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283739                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37399691                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14717525                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14727621                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14717525                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14727621                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300780229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47160007                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76103412                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14470251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11737574                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247580173                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521896                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       206017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       373697                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       346612                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14716920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341377                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296578154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.503937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265862934     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5808414      1.96%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1712525      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1353901      0.46%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4954099      1.67%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5251356      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1188109      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614731      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9832085      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296578154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048109                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28187504                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243809377                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17707773                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6112545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760948                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141447291                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760948                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30909768                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151339376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16936070                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20798460                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75833525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138145543                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2727108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150451693                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311522033                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187147232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132769634                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443199                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41498421                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7856026                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23005216                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1018060                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       781950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135323432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       574031                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139473966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600046                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17047803                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141894                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296578154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239645767     80.80%     80.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22430977      7.56%     88.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13688226      4.62%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8642708      2.91%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3418356      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3976461      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730163      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562262      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483234      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296578154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123955      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954513     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324151     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504834      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101185317     72.55%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14887714     10.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22780027     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139473966                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463707                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402619                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010056                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577223105                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148507286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130310715                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140371723                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1512709                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341244                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2779                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10062                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075069                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8241797                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760948                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5520845                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142717935                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135897463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7856026                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23005216                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       564938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         100162                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10062                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407033                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369181                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138173255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14659746                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37144043                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12115645                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22484297                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459383                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130452044                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130310735                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          77979391                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112148449                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.433242                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695323                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12929902                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       432137                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707881                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294351088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.206427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245265542     83.32%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19175425      6.51%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10979300      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10786638      3.66%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2235724      0.76%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       501907      0.17%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390318      0.81%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523630      0.18%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2492604      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294351088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64537131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122894520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28444917                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6514778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11409790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122320107                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       490372                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94118381     76.58%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6514778      5.30%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21930139     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122894520                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2492604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427474777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           273888463                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88185                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4202075                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64537131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122894520                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.660576                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.660576                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190608857                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95115101                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60443497                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45330016                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61902439                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2372761500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2372761499.999998                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248131                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        73.362580                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       36.303198                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      129.816643                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5748186     92.00%     92.00% |      346884      5.55%     97.55% |      117719      1.88%     99.43% |       33804      0.54%     99.98% |        1536      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248131                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280098                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.423379                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.318870                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.816487                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5144502     70.67%     70.67% |     2130513     29.26%     99.93% |        4879      0.07%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280098                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18760                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.118177                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.813756                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.090465                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         660      3.52%      3.52% |        2251     12.00%     15.52% |        8606     45.87%     61.39% |        4385     23.37%     84.77% |        2842     15.15%     99.91% |          16      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18760                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6157505                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           49.006214                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.121135                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         266.956761                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6037668     98.05%     98.05% |       89834      1.46%     99.51% |       25257      0.41%     99.92% |        4164      0.07%     99.99% |         513      0.01%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6157505                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5709537                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000641                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000552                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025963                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5705899     99.94%     99.94% |        3634      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5709537                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447968                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     635.366225                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    235.253187                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    780.247826                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      328131     73.25%     73.25% |       89834     20.05%     93.30% |       25257      5.64%     98.94% |        4164      0.93%     99.87% |         513      0.11%     99.98% |          53      0.01%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447968                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22464877                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           39.279350                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.130381                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         211.889529                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22191179     98.78%     98.78% |      213683      0.95%     99.73% |       51188      0.23%     99.96% |        7822      0.03%    100.00% |         935      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22464877                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20896635                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000128                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000104                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.014469                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20894425     99.99%     99.99% |        2087      0.01%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20896635                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568242                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     522.695590                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    292.549772                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    626.033194                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1294544     82.55%     82.55% |      213683     13.63%     96.17% |       51188      3.26%     99.44% |        7822      0.50%     99.94% |         935      0.06%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568242                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14710341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.754567                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085460                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.155088                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14709960    100.00%    100.00% |         288      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14710341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14583291                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14583289    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14583291                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127050                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.366651                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.540576                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    82.708681                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126669     99.70%     99.70% |         288      0.23%     99.93% |          30      0.02%     99.95% |          31      0.02%     99.97% |          14      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127050                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325080                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.085382                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019554                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.689733                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      324959     99.96%     99.96% |         119      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325080                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296967                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296867     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296967                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   108.053747                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.282610                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.014691                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       27992     99.57%     99.57% |         119      0.42%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13396                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1651296                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        96600                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    38964                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    35930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    39433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    34542                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    39336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    32311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    39433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    36441                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    39237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    34264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   39677                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   33953                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   39268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   32155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   39069                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   33693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  11756                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   8166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  11287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   6962                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  11384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   6601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  11287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   7655                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  11483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   7240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 11043                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  7551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 11452                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  6757                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 11651                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  7811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    33089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    28408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    32507                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    25942                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    33110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    24699                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    32626                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    28014                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    33114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    26674                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   32436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   26444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   33768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   25193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   33612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   27280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1008011                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  859491                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140024437064021                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            140024436930953                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  989636                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  799358                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  952082                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31660482                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               354366624                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               354191287                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              354339540                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              354149757                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              354459696                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              354240552                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              354425289                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              354225291                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                10427                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 8932                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                10569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 8398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                10442                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 8014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                10578                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 8969                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                10382                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 8343                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               10616                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                8322                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               10383                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                7954                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               10280                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                8271                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               4197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2252                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               4055                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2130                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               4182                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1858                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               4046                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2215                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               4242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               2185                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              4008                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              4241                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1918                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              4344                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              2257                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               28537                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               26998                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               28864                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               26144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               28894                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               24297                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               28855                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               27472                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               28855                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               25921                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              29061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              25631                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              28885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              24201                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              28789                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              25422                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              7559                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              5914                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              7232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              4832                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              7202                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              4743                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              7241                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              5440                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              7241                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              5055                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             7035                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             5345                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             7211                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             4839                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             7307                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             5554                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2469172                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2130756                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2466449                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2117295                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2487377                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2061687                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2467907                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2136836                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2458392                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2099608                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2493287                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2065427                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2493668                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2051466                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2468608                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2074646                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1471113                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1271823                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1411641                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1192549                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1416128                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1162466                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1362959                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1334432                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1380948                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1155033                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1468276                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1111893                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1521198                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1089491                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1582621                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1272372                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             596955                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             555040                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             595927                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             522705                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             595737                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             486711                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             596202                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             563474                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             595262                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             523488                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            595900                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            520983                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            597452                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            487921                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            595742                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            521768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2916712                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2649850                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2928697                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2757863                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2956769                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2621333                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3051687                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2628395                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2964060                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2660094                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2917901                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2666941                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2878206                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2626377                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2805630                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2549511                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1471113                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1271823                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1411641                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1192549                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1416128                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1162466                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1362959                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1334432                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1380948                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1155033                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1468276                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1111893                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1521198                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1089491                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1582621                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1272372                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        594114                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        547656                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        594734                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        515127                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        594734                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        483791                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        594249                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        545809                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        594702                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        515376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594734                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       515328                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       594153                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       483676                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       594215                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       514662                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1859303                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1640242                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1865581                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1654112                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1874987                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1609094                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1877079                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1626096                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1848848                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1617686                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1877208                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1599334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1875225                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1595860                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1844250                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1574913                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2441027                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2105958                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2444087                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2095772                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2450185                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2045926                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2444669                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2103865                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2425819                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2074396                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2465364                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2036689                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2468449                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2042139                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2433385                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2040649                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305460917                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305460913                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305460919                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305460915                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305460924                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305460920                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305460936                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305460932                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2453710                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2118209                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2452029                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2108651                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2470675                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2049683                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2449828                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2127210                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2435335                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2085425                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2472464                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2056071                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2482185                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2039422                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2450117                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2061863                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               954                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               786                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               681                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               758                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              726                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              956                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              680                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              6250                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              5970                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              6700                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              6430                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              6218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              5518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              6569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              6355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              6272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             6729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             6012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             5085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             5887                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2191                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2692                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              2030                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2936                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2039                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             3004                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2412                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1846                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394798     25.58%     25.58% |      382952     24.81%     50.39% |      382956     24.81%     75.21% |      382642     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543348                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328878     25.68%     25.68% |      317342     24.77%     50.45% |      317360     24.78%     75.23% |      317323     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1280903                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394824     25.58%     25.58% |      382952     24.81%     50.39% |      382956     24.81%     75.21% |      382642     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543374                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334709     25.66%     25.66% |      323180     24.78%     50.44% |      323201     24.78%     75.22% |      323166     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57728     25.13%     25.13% |       57418     25.00%     50.13% |       57404     24.99%     75.13% |       57127     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229677                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394798     25.58%     25.58% |      382952     24.81%     50.39% |      382956     24.81%     75.21% |      382642     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543348                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328622     25.67%     25.67% |      317148     24.78%     50.45% |      317169     24.78%     75.23% |      317134     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280073                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57728     25.13%     25.13% |       57418     25.00%     50.13% |       57404     24.99%     75.13% |       57127     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229677                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394797     25.58%     25.58% |      382952     24.81%     50.39% |      382956     24.81%     75.21% |      382642     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543347                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328622     25.67%     25.67% |      317148     24.78%     50.45% |      317169     24.78%     75.23% |      317134     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280073                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5958600     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |       25744      0.42%     97.16% |       25088      0.41%     97.57% |       24432      0.40%     97.96% |       25744      0.42%     98.38% |       25088      0.41%     98.79% |       25088      0.41%     99.20% |       24432      0.40%     99.59% |       25088      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6159318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14710391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14710391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22255136     97.65%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |       69003      0.30%     97.95% |       67060      0.29%     98.24% |       65128      0.29%     98.53% |       69001      0.30%     98.83% |       67064      0.29%     99.13% |       67063      0.29%     99.42% |       65129      0.29%     99.71% |       67070      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22791654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18639     99.65%     99.65% |          14      0.07%     99.73% |           1      0.01%     99.73% |           1      0.01%     99.74% |           4      0.02%     99.76% |          10      0.05%     99.81% |           5      0.03%     99.84% |           9      0.05%     99.89% |           9      0.05%     99.94% |          12      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1433953     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       93597      4.33%     70.65% |       91035      4.21%     74.86% |       88467      4.09%     78.95% |       93613      4.33%     83.28% |       91038      4.21%     87.49% |       91044      4.21%     91.70% |       88435      4.09%     95.79% |       91029      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           1      3.45%     10.34% |           9     31.03%     41.38% |           3     10.34%     51.72% |           5     17.24%     68.97% |           2      6.90%     75.86% |           7     24.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           1      3.70%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |          10     37.04%     48.15% |           2      7.41%     55.56% |           2      7.41%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |          10     37.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247359     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.58% |       25366      5.70%     61.27% |       24722      5.55%     66.83% |       24072      5.41%     72.24% |       25365      5.70%     77.94% |       24723      5.55%     83.49% |       24721      5.55%     89.04% |       24057      5.40%     94.45% |       24712      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           1      3.70%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     14.81%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           2      7.41%     33.33% |           7     25.93%     59.26% |           9     33.33%     92.59% |           2      7.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191757     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       68734      3.98%     73.02% |       66816      3.87%     76.89% |       64886      3.76%     80.65% |       68745      3.98%     84.63% |       66812      3.87%     88.50% |       66810      3.87%     92.37% |       64879      3.76%     96.13% |       66810      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307131     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       93588      4.60%     68.82% |       91023      4.47%     73.30% |       88445      4.35%     77.64% |       93579      4.60%     82.24% |       91017      4.47%     86.71% |       91012      4.47%     91.18% |       88422      4.34%     95.53% |       90993      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      249988     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       25367      5.67%     61.50% |       24722      5.52%     67.02% |       24076      5.38%     72.40% |       25365      5.66%     78.06% |       24725      5.52%     83.58% |       24728      5.52%     89.11% |       24066      5.37%     94.48% |       24714      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061825     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       68734      4.31%     70.82% |       66816      4.19%     75.01% |       64886      4.06%     79.07% |       68745      4.31%     83.38% |       66812      4.19%     87.57% |       66810      4.19%     91.75% |       64879      4.06%     95.81% |       66810      4.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.55%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           1      0.01%     99.56% |           1      0.01%     99.57% |           4      0.04%     99.61% |          10      0.09%     99.70% |           4      0.04%     99.73% |           9      0.08%     99.81% |           9      0.08%     99.89% |          12      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4510    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          50    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1828     98.39%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           2      0.11%     98.49% |           1      0.05%     98.55% |           9      0.48%     99.03% |           4      0.22%     99.25% |           5      0.27%     99.52% |           2      0.11%     99.62% |           7      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14583291    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14583291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5446     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           4      0.00%     99.96% |          10      0.01%     99.97% |           4      0.00%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2578892     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         377      0.01%     99.90% |         366      0.01%     99.91% |         356      0.01%     99.93% |         379      0.01%     99.94% |         363      0.01%     99.96% |         360      0.01%     99.97% |         366      0.01%     99.99% |         374      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2581833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       58999    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        58999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1852     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186429     48.54%     48.54% |           0      0.00%     48.54% |       25350      6.60%     55.14% |       24703      6.43%     61.57% |       24072      6.27%     67.84% |       25337      6.60%     74.44% |       24721      6.44%     80.87% |       24719      6.44%     87.31% |       24057      6.26%     93.57% |       24684      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |          10     40.00%     44.00% |           2      8.00%     52.00% |           2      8.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |          10     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2975386    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2975386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21133877     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         268      0.00%     99.99% |         244      0.00%     99.99% |         240      0.00%     99.99% |         252      0.00%    100.00% |         249      0.00%    100.00% |         250      0.00%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |         254      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21135881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         177     99.44%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           1      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120702     67.87%     67.87% |           0      0.00%     67.87% |       68238      4.13%     72.01% |       66320      4.02%     76.02% |       64373      3.90%     79.92% |       68242      4.13%     84.06% |       66296      4.02%     88.07% |       66293      4.01%     92.09% |       64365      3.90%     95.98% |       66309      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           1      3.45%     10.34% |           9     31.03%     41.38% |           3     10.34%     51.72% |           5     17.24%     68.97% |           2      6.90%     75.86% |           7     24.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     98.70%     98.70% |           0      0.00%     98.70% |           0      0.00%     98.70% |           0      0.00%     98.70% |           0      0.00%     98.70% |           0      0.00%     98.70% |           0      0.00%     98.70% |           5      0.81%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247359     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.58% |       25366      5.70%     61.27% |       24722      5.55%     66.83% |       24072      5.41%     72.24% |       25365      5.70%     77.94% |       24723      5.55%     83.49% |       24721      5.55%     89.04% |       24057      5.40%     94.45% |       24712      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           1      3.70%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     14.81%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           2      7.41%     33.33% |           7     25.93%     59.26% |           9     33.33%     92.59% |           2      7.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129882    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           8      7.69%     20.19% |           9      8.65%     28.85% |          17     16.35%     45.19% |          15     14.42%     59.62% |          13     12.50%     72.12% |          13     12.50%     84.62% |           2      1.92%     86.54% |          14     13.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061875     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       68734      4.31%     70.82% |       66816      4.19%     75.01% |       64886      4.06%     79.07% |       68745      4.31%     83.38% |       66812      4.19%     87.57% |       66810      4.19%     91.75% |       64879      4.06%     95.81% |       66810      4.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1813    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     94.37%     94.37% |           0      0.00%     94.37% |           1      0.26%     94.63% |           0      0.00%     94.63% |           2      0.51%     95.14% |           4      1.02%     96.16% |           3      0.77%     96.93% |           3      0.77%     97.70% |           3      0.77%     98.47% |           6      1.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307131     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       93588      4.60%     68.82% |       91023      4.47%     73.30% |       88445      4.35%     77.64% |       93579      4.60%     82.24% |       91017      4.47%     86.71% |       91012      4.47%     91.18% |       88422      4.34%     95.53% |       90993      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3917      3.08%      3.08% |        3741      2.94%      6.03% |        3536      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3657      2.88%     14.47% |        4077      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3400      2.68%     23.38% |        3669      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3927      3.09%     36.69% |        3667      2.89%     39.58% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.25% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4270      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.01% |        3751      2.95%     58.96% |        3432      2.70%     61.66% |        3174      2.50%     64.16% |        3786      2.98%     67.14% |        3594      2.83%     69.97% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.67% |        3357      2.64%     81.31% |        4763      3.75%     85.06% |        4103      3.23%     88.28% |        5234      4.12%     92.40% |        5171      4.07%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127098                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108440     24.21%     24.21% |       13875      3.10%     27.30% |       11531      2.57%     29.88% |       12317      2.75%     32.63% |       11481      2.56%     35.19% |       10958      2.45%     37.64% |        9718      2.17%     39.81% |        9719      2.17%     41.98% |       11678      2.61%     44.58% |       10325      2.30%     46.89% |       13054      2.91%     49.80% |       12101      2.70%     52.50% |       10142      2.26%     54.77% |        9915      2.21%     56.98% |        9380      2.09%     59.07% |        9711      2.17%     61.24% |       10945      2.44%     63.69% |       10107      2.26%     65.94% |       10360      2.31%     68.25% |       10697      2.39%     70.64% |       10619      2.37%     73.01% |       11062      2.47%     75.48% |       12406      2.77%     78.25% |        9957      2.22%     80.47% |       10142      2.26%     82.74% |       10759      2.40%     85.14% |        9977      2.23%     87.37% |        9721      2.17%     89.54% |       11136      2.49%     92.02% |       10189      2.27%     94.30% |       11930      2.66%     96.96% |       13618      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447970                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66547      4.17%      4.17% |       50421      3.16%      7.33% |       47234      2.96%     10.29% |       46168      2.89%     13.18% |       46348      2.90%     16.08% |       46460      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.69% |       47480      2.97%     27.66% |       47400      2.97%     30.63% |       47606      2.98%     33.61% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.49% |       47090      2.95%     45.44% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48244      3.02%     51.41% |       48414      3.03%     54.45% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.70% |       50288      3.15%     63.85% |       52051      3.26%     67.11% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50948      3.19%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596390                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172981      8.50%      8.50% |       64069      3.15%     11.65% |       58560      2.88%     14.52% |       58271      2.86%     17.39% |       57591      2.83%     20.22% |       56287      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.68% |       55106      2.71%     28.38% |       58944      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60436      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58999      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.81% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60360      2.97%     75.01% |       60892      2.99%     78.01% |       62288      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63905      3.14%     90.19% |       61727      3.03%     93.23% |       69841      3.43%     96.66% |       68023      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51106      3.99%      3.99% |       39624      3.10%      7.09% |       39647      3.10%     10.19% |       39638      3.10%     13.28% |       39615      3.09%     16.38% |       39625      3.10%     19.47% |       39629      3.10%     22.57% |       39634      3.10%     25.67% |       39644      3.10%     28.76% |       39643      3.10%     31.86% |       39644      3.10%     34.96% |       39652      3.10%     38.06% |       39624      3.10%     41.15% |       39635      3.10%     44.25% |       39637      3.10%     47.34% |       39623      3.10%     50.44% |       39665      3.10%     53.54% |       39649      3.10%     56.64% |       39655      3.10%     59.73% |       39650      3.10%     62.83% |       39633      3.10%     65.93% |       39661      3.10%     69.03% |       39654      3.10%     72.13% |       39648      3.10%     75.22% |       39654      3.10%     78.32% |       39652      3.10%     81.42% |       39647      3.10%     84.52% |       39638      3.10%     87.61% |       39645      3.10%     90.71% |       39630      3.10%     93.81% |       39638      3.10%     96.90% |       39634      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1279973                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7402      3.22%      3.22% |        7205      3.14%      6.36% |        7192      3.13%      9.49% |        7156      3.11%     12.60% |        7205      3.14%     15.74% |        7141      3.11%     18.84% |        7162      3.12%     21.96% |        7175      3.12%     25.08% |        7235      3.15%     28.23% |        7173      3.12%     31.35% |        7235      3.15%     34.50% |        7213      3.14%     37.64% |        7278      3.17%     40.81% |        7209      3.14%     43.95% |        7231      3.15%     47.09% |        7142      3.11%     50.20% |        7171      3.12%     53.32% |        7197      3.13%     56.46% |        7214      3.14%     59.60% |        7139      3.11%     62.70% |        7142      3.11%     65.81% |        7130      3.10%     68.91% |        7110      3.09%     72.01% |        7098      3.09%     75.10% |        7195      3.13%     78.23% |        7240      3.15%     81.38% |        7169      3.12%     84.50% |        7090      3.09%     87.58% |        7136      3.11%     90.69% |        7152      3.11%     93.80% |        7109      3.09%     96.90% |        7131      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59624      3.86%      3.86% |       47879      3.10%      6.97% |       47887      3.10%     10.07% |       47842      3.10%     13.17% |       47866      3.10%     16.27% |       47813      3.10%     19.37% |       47839      3.10%     22.47% |       47857      3.10%     25.57% |       47927      3.11%     28.67% |       47864      3.10%     31.77% |       47926      3.11%     34.88% |       47912      3.10%     37.98% |       47950      3.11%     41.09% |       47891      3.10%     44.19% |       47915      3.10%     47.30% |       47812      3.10%     50.40% |       47883      3.10%     53.50% |       47894      3.10%     56.60% |       47916      3.10%     59.71% |       47837      3.10%     62.81% |       47823      3.10%     65.91% |       47840      3.10%     69.01% |       47812      3.10%     72.10% |       47793      3.10%     75.20% |       47896      3.10%     78.30% |       47941      3.11%     81.41% |       47865      3.10%     84.51% |       47775      3.10%     87.61% |       47828      3.10%     90.71% |       47830      3.10%     93.81% |       47796      3.10%     96.90% |       47814      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543347                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58600      3.88%      3.88% |       46855      3.10%      6.98% |       46863      3.10%     10.08% |       46818      3.10%     13.18% |       46842      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46815      3.10%     22.48% |       46833      3.10%     25.58% |       46903      3.10%     28.69% |       46840      3.10%     31.79% |       46902      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46926      3.11%     41.10% |       46867      3.10%     44.20% |       46891      3.10%     47.31% |       46788      3.10%     50.41% |       46859      3.10%     53.51% |       46870      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.71% |       46813      3.10%     62.81% |       46799      3.10%     65.91% |       46816      3.10%     69.01% |       46788      3.10%     72.11% |       46769      3.10%     75.20% |       46872      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46841      3.10%     84.51% |       46751      3.09%     87.61% |       46804      3.10%     90.71% |       46806      3.10%     93.81% |       46772      3.10%     96.90% |       46790      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     31.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           6      3.33%     34.44% |           4      2.22%     36.67% |          23     12.78%     49.44% |          24     13.33%     62.78% |           2      1.11%     63.89% |           4      2.22%     66.11% |           3      1.67%     67.78% |           1      0.56%     68.33% |           3      1.67%     70.00% |           3      1.67%     71.67% |           2      1.11%     72.78% |           0      0.00%     72.78% |           0      0.00%     72.78% |           0      0.00%     72.78% |           1      0.56%     73.33% |           1      0.56%     73.89% |           6      3.33%     77.22% |           3      1.67%     78.89% |           1      0.56%     79.44% |           3      1.67%     81.11% |           3      1.67%     82.78% |           3      1.67%     84.44% |           3      1.67%     86.11% |           3      1.67%     87.78% |           3      1.67%     89.44% |           4      2.22%     91.67% |           5      2.78%     94.44% |           4      2.22%     96.67% |           5      2.78%     99.44% |           1      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          25     92.59%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         644      3.48%      3.48% |         548      2.96%      6.44% |         526      2.84%      9.29% |         521      2.82%     12.10% |         566      3.06%     15.16% |         527      2.85%     18.01% |         564      3.05%     21.06% |         588      3.18%     24.24% |         623      3.37%     27.61% |         545      2.95%     30.55% |         611      3.30%     33.86% |         623      3.37%     37.22% |         676      3.65%     40.88% |         618      3.34%     44.22% |         637      3.44%     47.66% |         577      3.12%     50.78% |         589      3.18%     53.97% |         624      3.37%     57.34% |         616      3.33%     60.67% |         557      3.01%     63.68% |         555      3.00%     66.68% |         569      3.08%     69.76% |         539      2.91%     72.67% |         524      2.83%     75.50% |         603      3.26%     78.76% |         644      3.48%     82.24% |         588      3.18%     85.42% |         529      2.86%     88.28% |         539      2.91%     91.19% |         560      3.03%     94.22% |         541      2.92%     97.15% |         528      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18499                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          25     92.59%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173302      8.49%      8.49% |       64275      3.15%     11.64% |       58760      2.88%     14.52% |       58464      2.86%     17.38% |       57800      2.83%     20.21% |       56500      2.77%     22.98% |       55007      2.69%     25.67% |       55302      2.71%     28.38% |       59154      2.90%     31.28% |       57721      2.83%     34.11% |       60646      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56863      2.79%     42.81% |       56793      2.78%     45.59% |       56451      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59187      2.90%     54.04% |       58515      2.87%     56.91% |       59895      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.83% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63095      3.09%     68.90% |       64328      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.02% |       61080      2.99%     78.01% |       62474      3.06%     81.07% |       60798      2.98%     84.05% |       61418      3.01%     87.06% |       64093      3.14%     90.20% |       61914      3.03%     93.23% |       70031      3.43%     96.66% |       68217      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041492                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         541      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.83%      6.09% |         464      2.79%      8.88% |         465      2.80%     11.68% |         513      3.09%     14.77% |         467      2.81%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         529      3.18%     23.80% |         548      3.30%     27.10% |         487      2.93%     30.03% |         533      3.21%     33.24% |         566      3.41%     36.64% |         619      3.73%     40.37% |         561      3.38%     43.74% |         579      3.48%     47.23% |         523      3.15%     50.38% |         533      3.21%     53.58% |         569      3.42%     57.01% |         562      3.38%     60.39% |         509      3.06%     63.45% |         503      3.03%     66.48% |         520      3.13%     69.61% |         480      2.89%     72.50% |         468      2.82%     75.32% |         546      3.29%     78.60% |         592      3.56%     82.17% |         532      3.20%     85.37% |         479      2.88%     88.25% |         489      2.94%     91.19% |         510      3.07%     94.26% |         488      2.94%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18675      7.92%      7.92% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7082      3.00%     13.93% |        7030      2.98%     16.91% |        7001      2.97%     19.89% |        6982      2.96%     22.85% |        6996      2.97%     25.82% |        6992      2.97%     28.78% |        7030      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7064      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6992      2.97%     43.68% |        6992      2.97%     46.64% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6998      2.97%     55.53% |        6974      2.96%     58.49% |        7005      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6966      2.96%     70.35% |        6993      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6960      2.95%     88.14% |        7003      2.97%     91.11% |        6983      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7018      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40408      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40364      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         566      3.41%      3.41% |         470      2.83%      6.23% |         464      2.79%      9.02% |         465      2.80%     11.82% |         511      3.07%     14.90% |         468      2.82%     17.71% |         506      3.04%     20.76% |         529      3.18%     23.94% |         547      3.29%     27.23% |         484      2.91%     30.14% |         534      3.21%     33.36% |         566      3.41%     36.76% |         619      3.72%     40.48% |         561      3.38%     43.86% |         577      3.47%     47.33% |         521      3.13%     50.47% |         531      3.19%     53.66% |         568      3.42%     57.08% |         563      3.39%     60.47% |         505      3.04%     63.50% |         502      3.02%     66.52% |         519      3.12%     69.65% |         482      2.90%     72.55% |         469      2.82%     75.37% |         547      3.29%     78.66% |         591      3.56%     82.22% |         533      3.21%     85.42% |         477      2.87%     88.29% |         486      2.92%     91.22% |         508      3.06%     94.27% |         486      2.92%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16621                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88079     42.06%     42.06% |        6775      3.24%     45.29% |        4444      2.12%     47.42% |        5262      2.51%     49.93% |        4468      2.13%     52.06% |        3062      1.46%     53.52% |        2708      1.29%     54.82% |        2719      1.30%     56.11% |        4644      2.22%     58.33% |        3288      1.57%     59.90% |        5976      2.85%     62.76% |        5110      2.44%     65.20% |        3148      1.50%     66.70% |        2921      1.39%     68.09% |        2363      1.13%     69.22% |        2747      1.31%     70.53% |        3945      1.88%     72.42% |        3127      1.49%     73.91% |        3303      1.58%     75.49% |        3714      1.77%     77.26% |        3639      1.74%     79.00% |        4078      1.95%     80.95% |        5403      2.58%     83.53% |        2970      1.42%     84.94% |        3129      1.49%     86.44% |        3750      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.66% |        2756      1.32%     90.97% |        4131      1.97%     92.95% |        3205      1.53%     94.48% |        4969      2.37%     96.85% |        6598      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209422                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26107      8.55%      8.55% |       10086      3.30%     11.86% |        6891      2.26%     14.11% |        5819      1.91%     16.02% |        5977      1.96%     17.98% |        6092      2.00%     19.97% |        4963      1.63%     21.60% |        5255      1.72%     23.32% |        7131      2.34%     25.66% |        7055      2.31%     27.97% |        7276      2.38%     30.35% |        7753      2.54%     32.89% |        6380      2.09%     34.98% |        6542      2.14%     37.12% |        6749      2.21%     39.34% |        6831      2.24%     41.57% |        7892      2.59%     44.16% |        8063      2.64%     46.80% |        9229      3.02%     49.82% |        9835      3.22%     53.04% |        9948      3.26%     56.30% |       11697      3.83%     60.14% |       11593      3.80%     63.93% |       10254      3.36%     67.29% |       10600      3.47%     70.76% |       11373      3.73%     74.49% |       10473      3.43%     77.92% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.14%     85.78% |       11388      3.73%     89.51% |       17753      5.82%     95.33% |       14270      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51104      3.99%      3.99% |       39618      3.10%      7.09% |       39641      3.10%     10.19% |       39633      3.10%     13.28% |       39614      3.10%     16.38% |       39620      3.10%     19.47% |       39627      3.10%     22.57% |       39630      3.10%     25.67% |       39642      3.10%     28.76% |       39641      3.10%     31.86% |       39640      3.10%     34.96% |       39651      3.10%     38.05% |       39623      3.10%     41.15% |       39634      3.10%     44.25% |       39635      3.10%     47.34% |       39622      3.10%     50.44% |       39664      3.10%     53.54% |       39648      3.10%     56.64% |       39652      3.10%     59.73% |       39650      3.10%     62.83% |       39633      3.10%     65.93% |       39659      3.10%     69.03% |       39652      3.10%     72.13% |       39646      3.10%     75.22% |       39652      3.10%     78.32% |       39651      3.10%     81.42% |       39644      3.10%     84.52% |       39636      3.10%     87.61% |       39642      3.10%     90.71% |       39628      3.10%     93.81% |       39636      3.10%     96.90% |       39632      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1279900                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6758      3.20%      3.20% |        6663      3.15%      6.35% |        6666      3.16%      9.51% |        6636      3.14%     12.65% |        6617      3.13%     15.78% |        6596      3.12%     18.91% |        6598      3.12%     22.03% |        6587      3.12%     25.15% |        6611      3.13%     28.28% |        6629      3.14%     31.42% |        6625      3.14%     34.55% |        6588      3.12%     37.67% |        6601      3.13%     40.80% |        6592      3.12%     43.92% |        6596      3.12%     47.04% |        6566      3.11%     50.15% |        6582      3.12%     53.27% |        6573      3.11%     56.38% |        6595      3.12%     59.50% |        6579      3.11%     62.61% |        6586      3.12%     65.73% |        6560      3.11%     68.84% |        6570      3.11%     71.95% |        6573      3.11%     75.06% |        6591      3.12%     78.18% |        6594      3.12%     81.30% |        6581      3.12%     84.42% |        6559      3.11%     87.52% |        6596      3.12%     90.65% |        6590      3.12%     93.77% |        6565      3.11%     96.87% |        6604      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211227                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          25     92.59%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          29    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172979      8.50%      8.50% |       64069      3.15%     11.65% |       58560      2.88%     14.52% |       58271      2.86%     17.39% |       57591      2.83%     20.22% |       56287      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.68% |       55106      2.71%     28.38% |       58944      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60436      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58999      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.81% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60360      2.97%     75.01% |       60892      2.99%     78.01% |       62288      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63905      3.14%     90.19% |       61727      3.03%     93.23% |       69841      3.43%     96.66% |       68023      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.39%      3.39% |           2      3.39%      6.78% |           5      8.47%     15.25% |           4      6.78%     22.03% |           1      1.69%     23.73% |           3      5.08%     28.81% |           2      3.39%     32.20% |           4      6.78%     38.98% |           2      3.39%     42.37% |           1      1.69%     44.07% |           3      5.08%     49.15% |           1      1.69%     50.85% |           1      1.69%     52.54% |           1      1.69%     54.24% |           1      1.69%     55.93% |           1      1.69%     57.63% |           1      1.69%     59.32% |           1      1.69%     61.02% |           2      3.39%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           2      3.39%     67.80% |           2      3.39%     71.19% |           2      3.39%     74.58% |           1      1.69%     76.27% |           1      1.69%     77.97% |           3      5.08%     83.05% |           2      3.39%     86.44% |           2      3.39%     89.83% |           2      3.39%     93.22% |           2      3.39%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          78      4.04%      4.04% |          72      3.73%      7.78% |          62      3.21%     10.99% |          55      2.85%     13.84% |          77      3.99%     17.83% |          77      3.99%     21.82% |          58      3.01%     24.83% |          59      3.06%     27.89% |          77      3.99%     31.88% |          60      3.11%     34.99% |          76      3.94%     38.93% |          59      3.06%     41.99% |          58      3.01%     45.00% |          56      2.90%     47.90% |          58      3.01%     50.91% |          55      2.85%     53.76% |          58      3.01%     56.77% |          56      2.90%     59.67% |          56      2.90%     62.57% |          55      2.85%     65.42% |          54      2.80%     68.22% |          51      2.64%     70.87% |          58      3.01%     73.87% |          56      2.90%     76.78% |          57      2.95%     79.73% |          55      2.85%     82.58% |          55      2.85%     85.43% |          54      2.80%     88.23% |          54      2.80%     91.03% |          54      2.80%     93.83% |          58      3.01%     96.84% |          61      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1929                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     24.44%     24.44% |           0      0.00%     24.44% |           0      0.00%     24.44% |           0      0.00%     24.44% |          10     22.22%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |          17     37.78%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           7     15.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     94.12%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58600      3.88%      3.88% |       46855      3.10%      6.98% |       46863      3.10%     10.08% |       46818      3.10%     13.18% |       46842      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46815      3.10%     22.48% |       46833      3.10%     25.58% |       46903      3.10%     28.69% |       46840      3.10%     31.79% |       46902      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46926      3.11%     41.10% |       46867      3.10%     44.20% |       46891      3.10%     47.31% |       46788      3.10%     50.41% |       46859      3.10%     53.51% |       46870      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.71% |       46813      3.10%     62.81% |       46799      3.10%     65.91% |       46816      3.10%     69.01% |       46788      3.10%     72.11% |       46769      3.10%     75.20% |       46872      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46841      3.10%     84.51% |       46751      3.09%     87.61% |       46804      3.10%     90.71% |       46806      3.10%     93.81% |       46772      3.10%     96.90% |       46790      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      3.00%      3.00% |           0      0.00%      3.00% |           4      4.00%      7.00% |           3      3.00%     10.00% |          22     22.00%     32.00% |          22     22.00%     54.00% |           1      1.00%     55.00% |           3      3.00%     58.00% |           3      3.00%     61.00% |           1      1.00%     62.00% |           2      2.00%     64.00% |           3      3.00%     67.00% |           2      2.00%     69.00% |           0      0.00%     69.00% |           0      0.00%     69.00% |           0      0.00%     69.00% |           1      1.00%     70.00% |           1      1.00%     71.00% |           5      5.00%     76.00% |           3      3.00%     79.00% |           1      1.00%     80.00% |           1      1.00%     81.00% |           2      2.00%     83.00% |           2      2.00%     85.00% |           2      2.00%     87.00% |           2      2.00%     89.00% |           1      1.00%     90.00% |           2      2.00%     92.00% |           2      2.00%     94.00% |           2      2.00%     96.00% |           3      3.00%     99.00% |           1      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          75      4.10%      4.10% |          72      3.94%      8.04% |          58      3.17%     11.21% |          52      2.84%     14.05% |          55      3.01%     17.06% |          55      3.01%     20.07% |          57      3.12%     23.18% |          56      3.06%     26.24% |          74      4.05%     30.29% |          59      3.23%     33.52% |          74      4.05%     37.56% |          56      3.06%     40.62% |          56      3.06%     43.69% |          56      3.06%     46.75% |          58      3.17%     49.92% |          55      3.01%     52.93% |          57      3.12%     56.04% |          55      3.01%     59.05% |          51      2.79%     61.84% |          52      2.84%     64.68% |          53      2.90%     67.58% |          50      2.73%     70.31% |          56      3.06%     73.37% |          54      2.95%     76.33% |          55      3.01%     79.33% |          53      2.90%     82.23% |          54      2.95%     85.18% |          52      2.84%     88.03% |          52      2.84%     90.87% |          52      2.84%     93.71% |          55      3.01%     96.72% |          60      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1829                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         566      3.41%      3.41% |         470      2.83%      6.23% |         464      2.79%      9.02% |         465      2.80%     11.82% |         511      3.07%     14.90% |         468      2.82%     17.71% |         506      3.04%     20.76% |         529      3.18%     23.94% |         547      3.29%     27.23% |         484      2.91%     30.14% |         534      3.21%     33.36% |         566      3.41%     36.76% |         619      3.72%     40.48% |         561      3.38%     43.86% |         577      3.47%     47.33% |         521      3.13%     50.47% |         531      3.19%     53.66% |         568      3.42%     57.08% |         563      3.39%     60.47% |         505      3.04%     63.50% |         502      3.02%     66.52% |         519      3.12%     69.65% |         482      2.90%     72.55% |         469      2.82%     75.37% |         547      3.29%     78.66% |         591      3.56%     82.22% |         533      3.21%     85.42% |         477      2.87%     88.29% |         486      2.92%     91.22% |         508      3.06%     94.27% |         486      2.92%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16621                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18675      7.92%      7.92% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7082      3.00%     13.93% |        7030      2.98%     16.91% |        7001      2.97%     19.89% |        6982      2.96%     22.85% |        6996      2.97%     25.82% |        6992      2.97%     28.78% |        7030      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7064      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6992      2.97%     43.68% |        6992      2.97%     46.64% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6998      2.97%     55.53% |        6974      2.96%     58.49% |        7005      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6966      2.96%     70.35% |        6993      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6960      2.95%     88.14% |        7003      2.97%     91.11% |        6983      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7018      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         541      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.83%      6.09% |         464      2.79%      8.88% |         465      2.80%     11.68% |         512      3.08%     14.76% |         467      2.81%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         529      3.18%     23.79% |         548      3.30%     27.09% |         487      2.93%     30.02% |         533      3.21%     33.23% |         566      3.41%     36.64% |         619      3.73%     40.36% |         561      3.38%     43.74% |         579      3.49%     47.23% |         523      3.15%     50.37% |         533      3.21%     53.58% |         569      3.42%     57.01% |         562      3.38%     60.39% |         509      3.06%     63.45% |         503      3.03%     66.48% |         520      3.13%     69.61% |         480      2.89%     72.50% |         468      2.82%     75.32% |         546      3.29%     78.60% |         592      3.56%     82.17% |         532      3.20%     85.37% |         479      2.88%     88.25% |         489      2.94%     91.19% |         510      3.07%     94.26% |         488      2.94%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40408      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40364      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173298      8.49%      8.49% |       64269      3.15%     11.64% |       58758      2.88%     14.52% |       58458      2.86%     17.38% |       57799      2.83%     20.21% |       56500      2.77%     22.98% |       55006      2.69%     25.67% |       55302      2.71%     28.38% |       59154      2.90%     31.28% |       57720      2.83%     34.11% |       60645      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56859      2.79%     42.81% |       56793      2.78%     45.59% |       56448      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59187      2.90%     54.04% |       58515      2.87%     56.91% |       59886      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.83% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63095      3.09%     68.90% |       64328      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.02% |       61079      2.99%     78.01% |       62472      3.06%     81.07% |       60797      2.98%     84.05% |       61417      3.01%     87.06% |       64093      3.14%     90.20% |       61913      3.03%     93.23% |       70030      3.43%     96.66% |       68217      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041447                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          25     92.59%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           27                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      109998     21.23%     21.23% |      259003     50.00%     71.23% |       18994      3.67%     74.90% |       20218      3.90%     78.80% |       18120      3.50%     82.30% |       19954      3.85%     86.15% |       18551      3.58%     89.74% |       19609      3.79%     93.52% |       16488      3.18%     96.70% |       17071      3.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       518006                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      109998     21.23%     21.23% |      259003     50.00%     71.23% |       18994      3.67%     74.90% |       20218      3.90%     78.80% |       18120      3.50%     82.30% |       19954      3.85%     86.15% |       18551      3.58%     89.74% |       19609      3.79%     93.52% |       16488      3.18%     96.70% |       17071      3.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       518006                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      109998     21.23%     21.23% |      259003     50.00%     71.23% |       18994      3.67%     74.90% |       20218      3.90%     78.80% |       18120      3.50%     82.30% |       19954      3.85%     86.15% |       18551      3.58%     89.74% |       19609      3.79%     93.52% |       16488      3.18%     96.70% |       17071      3.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       518006                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      109998     21.23%     21.23% |      259003     50.00%     71.23% |       18994      3.67%     74.90% |       20218      3.90%     78.80% |       18120      3.50%     82.30% |       19954      3.85%     86.15% |       18551      3.58%     89.74% |       19609      3.79%     93.52% |       16488      3.18%     96.70% |       17071      3.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       518006                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
