
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.092716                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92715985500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5268884064000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   4105                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                     7255                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9091335                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5792228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10198.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    41860161                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73991276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21142400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21142400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11913728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11913728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       330350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             330350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186152                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186152                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    228034032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            228034032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    128497022                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           128497022                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    356531054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           356531054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     330350                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186152                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   330350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21139712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11913664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21142400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11913728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    42                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     3943                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2242                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  92715422500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               330350                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186152                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 150187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  33472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  26407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  20413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  16536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  13237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   7274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   6163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  5034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  4263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  4432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  32737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  35188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  35919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   4019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   3029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   4296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       160169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.359633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.924430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.699084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52399     32.71%     32.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47907     29.91%     62.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43804     27.35%     89.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6602      4.12%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4045      2.53%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1955      1.22%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1240      0.77%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          802      0.50%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1415      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       160169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.000272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.042710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33022     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.635987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.463536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.801679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30256     91.60%     91.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1902      5.76%     97.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          481      1.46%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          390      1.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 15153216703                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            21346491703                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1651540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    45876.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               64626.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      228.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      128.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   228.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   128.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  245600                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 110678                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    179506.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   68.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15193820250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3095820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    74423263250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              609993720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              600823440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              332833875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              327830250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1293123000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1283131200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604434960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601791120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6055423920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6055423920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        38471241420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        37753805790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21879980250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22509309750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69247031145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69132115470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.911666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.672164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20717504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20717504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11494784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11494784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    223451262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            223451262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    123978448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           123978448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    347429710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           347429710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323711                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179606                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323711                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179606                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20715456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11494784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20717504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11494784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     2948                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1972                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  92715151500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323711                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179606                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 147449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  31110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  25696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  20819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  13654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  10832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   8938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   5970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  5005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  3367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  31626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  33906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  34521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  34581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   4121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   3691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       151208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.013915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.488049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.091446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47946     31.71%     31.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43224     28.59%     60.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43762     28.94%     89.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6676      4.42%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3965      2.62%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2050      1.36%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1283      0.85%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          849      0.56%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1453      0.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       151208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.147918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.130049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31890     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        31896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.630988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.458792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.792782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29177     91.48%     91.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1890      5.93%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          486      1.52%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          343      1.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        31896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 14404119544                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            20473100794                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1618395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    44501.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               63251.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      223.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      123.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   223.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   123.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  242564                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 109503                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    184208.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   69.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15394120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3095820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    74222625000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              576019080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              567083160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              314296125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              309420375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1268272200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1256291400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583465680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580348800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6055423920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6055423920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        37965508920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37007669520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22323605250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23163815250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69086591175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          68940052425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          745.181130                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.600536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20724480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20724480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11493760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11493760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    223526503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            223526503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    123967404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           123967404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    347493907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           347493907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323820                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179590                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323820                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179590                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20723520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11493760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20724480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11493760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     3177                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2084                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  92715844000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323820                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179590                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 147595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  30986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  25756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  20802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  16466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  13377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   7087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  4156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  3658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  31622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  33913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  34420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  34587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       151223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.040186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.616669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.640723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47990     31.73%     31.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42808     28.31%     60.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        44251     29.26%     89.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6579      4.35%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3979      2.63%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2102      1.39%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1245      0.82%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          828      0.55%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1441      0.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       151223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.152442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.144342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31888     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        31894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31894                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.630840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.458649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.795345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29156     91.42%     91.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1899      5.95%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          479      1.50%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          360      1.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        31894                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 14663968128                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            20735311878                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1619025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    45286.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               64036.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      223.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      123.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   223.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   123.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  242571                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 109591                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    184175.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   69.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15438486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3095820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    74176846500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              577107720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              566100360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              314890125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              308884125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1268545200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1257024600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583485120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580225680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6055423920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6055423920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        37854863370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        36940287825                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22420662750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23222922000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69074978205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          68930868510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          745.055871                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.501476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20698368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20698368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11492608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11492608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179572                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179572                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    223244869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            223244869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    123954979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           123954979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    347199847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           347199847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323413                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179572                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179572                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20697728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11492416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20698432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11492608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     3075                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2173                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  92715244000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323413                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179572                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 146761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  31149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  25741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  20696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  16238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  13377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  11012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   9045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   6080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  3568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  31614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  33956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  34586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  34420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  33979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   3081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       151327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.713184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.284579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.154168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48070     31.77%     31.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43170     28.53%     60.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43954     29.05%     89.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6678      4.41%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3879      2.56%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2015      1.33%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1181      0.78%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          818      0.54%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1562      1.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       151327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.137049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.618302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31891     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        31901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.628946                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.456911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.794792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29173     91.45%     91.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1899      5.95%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          465      1.46%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          364      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        31901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 14678742773                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            20742530273                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1617010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    45388.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               64138.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      223.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      123.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   223.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   123.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  241964                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 109674                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    184330.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   69.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15169279000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3095820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    74446671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              576880920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              567143640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              314766375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              309453375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1266517200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1255901400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583284240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580322880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6055423920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6055423920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        37702484415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        36915111495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22554328500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23245006500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69053685570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          68928363210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.826204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.474453                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16920503                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 37.630009                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.397071                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                48.697956                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16355856     96.66%     96.66% |      370653      2.19%     98.85% |      108641      0.64%     99.50% |       56179      0.33%     99.83% |       21933      0.13%     99.96% |        5887      0.03%     99.99% |        1282      0.01%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16920503                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     32665997                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.388422                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.805083                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.973714                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29301201     89.70%     89.70% |     2099054      6.43%     96.13% |      544600      1.67%     97.79% |      207269      0.63%     98.43% |      190904      0.58%     99.01% |      165773      0.51%     99.52% |      110499      0.34%     99.86% |       43510      0.13%     99.99% |        3187      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      32665997                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            32665996                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              21.901248                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.313984                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             84.206296                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    32640718     99.92%     99.92% |       22806      0.07%     99.99% |        2102      0.01%    100.00% |         331      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              32665996                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29675211                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.008298                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.006508                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.124887                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29517276     99.47%     99.47% |       88571      0.30%     99.77% |       52495      0.18%     99.94% |       14799      0.05%     99.99% |        2068      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29675211                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2990785                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        209.361160                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       155.182126                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       196.883511                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2965507     99.15%     99.15% |       22806      0.76%     99.92% |        2102      0.07%     99.99% |         331      0.01%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2990785                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         708970                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       708970                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           41                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           28                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           38                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           31                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     19947103                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       690178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20637281                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9234812                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123475                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9358287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       809969                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30840                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       268177                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1717706                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54366                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        54560                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       247944                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       302504                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        86701                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        48583                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       235664                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       284247                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        75881                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        37446                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       199854                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       237300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        60602                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        47785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       236462                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       284247                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        75752                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        91897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       356655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       448552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       151251                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits       105961                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       405200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       511161                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       180637                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        56685                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       253643                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       310328                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        95607                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        50379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       241693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       292072                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        85899                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       112556                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       162261                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        49032                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43039                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        92071                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        49546                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        92771                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        48928                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43188                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        92116                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        47952                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43248                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        91200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        47515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        90681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        46427                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        89626                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        46707                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        89845                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        48174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        91247                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        47902                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43062                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        90964                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        48084                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43152                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        91236                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        47929                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43083                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        91012                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        90550                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        47188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        90371                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        50080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        93294                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        47802                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        90880                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        47048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43002                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        90050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        47230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        90334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        47844                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43033                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        90877                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        47064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43091                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        90155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        48237                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43015                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        91252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        47782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        90917                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        48408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        91486                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        48591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        91712                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        51156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43021                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        94177                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        52152                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        42963                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        95115                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43091                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        90653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        47540                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        90686                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47474                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43083                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        90557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        46617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        89713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47109                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43010                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        90119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        49784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        92858                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          289                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     17642241                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     17642241                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18259326                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17642241                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8539998                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8481665                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     17642241                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.095141                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     11721968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     11721968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12530778                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11721968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6748895                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6660340                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     11721968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.063214                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9121866                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9121866                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9635975                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9121866                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4185383                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4140814                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9121866                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.049193                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8380227                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8380227                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8871703                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8380227                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3936114                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3910939                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8380227                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.045193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8743399                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8743399                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9176027                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8743399                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4538015                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4490715                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8743399                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.047152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8573196                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8573196                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9062925                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8573196                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4287570                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4260856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8573196                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.046234                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     11396878                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     11396878                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12420654                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11396878                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5096929                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5008254                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     11396878                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.061461                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     10121359                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     10121359                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11245505                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10121359                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4808896                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4730111                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     10121359                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.054583                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6071598                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6071598                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6376505                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6071598                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2885791                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2862346                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6071598                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.032743                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7218335                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7218335                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7629809                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7218335                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3527975                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3501611                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7218335                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.038927                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5014952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5014952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5256670                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5014952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2222560                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2206832                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5014952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.027045                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3647464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3647464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3691663                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3647464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1647194                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1646024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3647464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019670                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4244708                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4244708                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4303941                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4244708                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2067678                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2065756                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4244708                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.022891                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3937957                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3937957                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3987583                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3937957                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1839957                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1838601                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3937957                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.021237                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2544285                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2544285                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2596959                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2544285                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1020687                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1019201                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2544285                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013721                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3464503                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3464503                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3548815                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3464503                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1401043                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1397703                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3464503                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.018683                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4462023                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4462023                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4535262                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4462023                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1699442                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1696775                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4462023                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024063                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3905704                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3905704                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3979173                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3905704                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1522602                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1520436                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3905704                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.021063                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3436095                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3436095                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3521086                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3436095                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1416866                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1414043                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3436095                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018530                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2028877                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2028877                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2100201                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2028877                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       851537                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       849021                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2028877                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010941                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1881601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1881601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1890019                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1881601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       914071                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       913821                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1881601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010147                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2267317                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2267317                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2281446                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2267317                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1185371                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1184305                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2267317                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012227                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2157760                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2157760                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2169401                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2157760                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1077536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1077072                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2157760                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011636                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1323278                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1323278                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1323278                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1323278                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       589778                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       589734                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1323278                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1849654                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1849654                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1858004                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1849654                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       878014                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       877802                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1849654                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.009975                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2238046                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2238046                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2251555                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2238046                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1167602                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1166642                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2238046                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012069                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2157051                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2157051                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2168736                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2157051                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1075735                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1075259                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2157051                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011633                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331439                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331439                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331439                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331439                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       592942                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       592899                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331439                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007180                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7971660                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7971660                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8476207                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7971660                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3620790                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3605412                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7971660                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.042990                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7504982                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7504982                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7829179                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7504982                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3308336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3298810                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7504982                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.040473                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8075551                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8075551                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8580458                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8075551                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3561039                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3541507                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8075551                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.043550                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8162574                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8162574                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8600308                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8162574                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3635396                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3621578                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8162574                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.044019                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13481852     29.10%     29.10% |    29870696     64.47%     93.57% |     2977387      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     46329935                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13481852     29.10%     29.10% |    29870697     64.47%     93.57% |     2977387      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     46329936                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   431218830                       |   763511834                       |    70733462                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   299859096                       |   139956248                       |     3006225                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.985133                       |   25.560564                       |   23.756892                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   22.241684                       |    4.685403                       |    1.009686                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.314179                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     9.558001                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.872180                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004008                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.088534      7.17%      7.17% |    0.087866      7.12%     14.29% |    0.087575      7.09%     21.38% |    0.087121      7.06%     28.44% |    0.200060     16.20%     44.64% |    0.199974     16.20%     60.84% |    0.199862     16.19%     77.03% |    0.199806     16.18%     93.21% |    0.020944      1.70%     94.91% |    0.020945      1.70%     96.61% |    0.020943      1.70%     98.30% |    0.020939      1.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.234569                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.030772                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023435                       |    0.000000                       |    0.005567                       |    0.005301                       |    0.004529                       |    0.005346                       |    0.007877                       |    0.008949                       |    0.005678                       |    0.005434                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006269                       |    0.003784                       |    0.003734                       |    0.003770                       |    0.003735                       |    0.003730                       |    0.003730                       |    0.003707                       |    0.003722                       |    0.003801                       |    0.003802                       |    0.003780                       |    0.003751                       |    0.003730                       |    0.003699                       |    0.003706                       |    0.003753                       |    0.003744                       |    0.003755                       |    0.003748                       |    0.003727                       |    0.003821                       |    0.003744                       |    0.003718                       |    0.003728                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003725                       |    0.003751                       |    0.003743                       |    0.003754                       |    0.003843                       |    0.003877                       |    0.010680                       |    0.010463                       |    0.010467                       |    0.010454                       |    0.000130                       |           0                       |    0.002626                       |    0.006455                       |    0.000453                       |    0.000470                       |    0.000422                       |    0.000469                       |    0.000559                       |    0.000613                       |    0.000420                       |    0.000423                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003430                       |    0.000132                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003857                       |    0.002729                       |    0.008171                       |    0.003416                       |    0.000420                       |    0.004600                       |    0.011324                       |    0.004812                       |           0                       |    0.003433                       |    0.007441                       |           0                       |    0.010877                       |    0.015981                       |    0.005258                       |    0.007988                       |    0.003427                       |    0.000453                       |    0.011797                       |    0.012592                       |    0.012936                       |    0.007589                       |    0.003453                       |    0.000470                       |    0.014168                       |    0.010811                       |    0.008701                       |           0                       |    0.003418                       |    0.007228                       |           0                       |    0.014021                       |    0.009227                       |    0.006578                       |           0                       |    0.003451                       |           0                       |    0.007508                       |    0.004612                       |    0.004099                       |           0                       |    0.003425                       |           0                       |    0.003728                       |    0.002821                       |           0                       |    0.003499                       |           0                       |    0.001689                       |    0.003821                       |    0.003218                       |    0.007792                       |    0.003460                       |    0.000423                       |    0.008189                       |    0.004635                       |    0.011188                       |    0.003239                       |    0.006443                       |    0.003423                       |    0.000422                       |    0.005445                       |    0.011708                       |    0.015500                       |    0.004211                       |    0.025736                       |    0.005239                       |    0.002626                       |    0.009290                       |    0.016858                       |    0.024480                       |    0.010912                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003456                       |    0.006455                       |    0.009040                       |    0.016471                       |    0.016086                       |    0.011706                       |    0.007615                       |    0.003411                       |    0.000469                       |    0.007936                       |    0.012634                       |    0.009013                       |    0.005155                       |           0                       |    0.003440                       |           0                       |    0.002935                       |    0.007498                       |    0.004450                       |    0.004568                       |           0                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.001635                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003256                       |           0                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.001042                       |    0.003744                       |    0.003418                       |           0                       |    0.003464                       |           0                       |    0.008928                       |    0.004674                       |    0.006582                       |    0.003396                       |           0                       |    0.003515                       |    0.007229                       |           0                       |    0.005162                       |    0.012394                       |    0.011848                       |    0.003401                       |    0.011496                       |    0.003422                       |    0.000559                       |    0.017904                       |    0.014191                       |    0.010450                       |    0.003438                       |    0.013064                       |    0.003407                       |    0.000613                       |    0.007159                       |    0.016189                       |    0.010728                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |    0.003509                       |    0.007224                       |           0                       |    0.006526                       |    0.014101                       |    0.009214                       |    0.003446                       |           0                       |    0.003408                       |           0                       |    0.002281                       |    0.007455                       |    0.004651                       |    0.003442                       |           0                       |    0.003427                       |           0                       |    0.001051                       |    0.003725                       |    0.003429                       |           0                       |    0.003418                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003718                       |           0                       |    0.003396                       |           0                       |    0.003865                       |           0                       |    0.006459                       |           0                       |    0.003401                       |           0                       |    0.004256                       |    0.002908                       |    0.008118                       |           0                       |    0.003438                       |           0                       |    0.010345                       |    0.005117                       |    0.005163                       |           0                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |    0.005057                       |    0.008754                       |    0.003829                       |           0                       |    0.003446                       |           0                       |    0.006351                       |    0.008733                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003442                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007500                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003429                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003751                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.234569                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7973842                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7973842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5765113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5237013                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.839729                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          564236                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12839975                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73176                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14454196                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138484                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12913151                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14592680                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  27294171                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211660                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              27505831                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9365211                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9554                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9374765                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9365211                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9554                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9374765                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                181682271                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31119784                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48647507                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7973842                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5801249                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             145416365                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141967                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       279804                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330458                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9364606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189434                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    177861746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.498924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.701845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        160140442     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1779975      1.00%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2550185      1.43%     92.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           698646      0.39%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3883705      2.18%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1010804      0.57%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1402067      0.79%     96.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           405349      0.23%     96.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          5990573      3.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    177861746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.043889                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11442629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     154028073                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6104070                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5894235                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392732                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       85152156                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392732                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13887270                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        94091427                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10676900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9339187                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      49474223                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       83584284                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4507861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     89372149                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     197811566                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    124976205                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      78205545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11166574                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296310                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          39025046                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6741775                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14769831                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1405901                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1243115                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82086205                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       520246                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          85875295                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270809                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8346184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13317341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96389                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    177861746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    143565026     80.72%     80.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13825819      7.77%     88.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7122418      4.00%     92.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4431595      2.49%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3685646      2.07%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540448      1.43%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023707      1.14%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413907      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253180      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    177861746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104512     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784753     77.88%     88.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118353     11.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338340      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      58166427     67.73%     68.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43647      0.05%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12642418     14.72%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14632400     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       85875295                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.472667                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007618                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011734                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    350890481                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     90960268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78629389                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       86544432                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1591162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209334                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8174                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7365135                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392732                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5219573                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84120424                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     82606451                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6741775                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14769831                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       511391                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          97091                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8174                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406511                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      85264146                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12451916                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             26923048                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6650293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14471132                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.469304                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               78730125                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78629494                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          40853018                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          64260600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.432786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.635740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8531798                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       423857                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    176448928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    148961315     84.42%     84.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11802885      6.69%     91.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6688041      3.79%     94.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2466667      1.40%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1470774      0.83%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1007693      0.57%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508681      0.29%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904318      0.51%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2638554      1.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    176448928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     41860160                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73991273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               19745123                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5532436                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6205985                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73590186                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       486115                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54005410     72.99%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5532436      7.48%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14212687     19.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73991273                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2638554                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            256200954                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           166469629                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85023                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3820525                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            41860160                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73991273                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.340219                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.340219                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.230403                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.230403                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        129539297                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        57118869                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          31942987                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25875001                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        40578738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4903582000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4903582000.000006                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8315619                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        48.496876                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       32.654524                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       66.848526                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7751816     93.22%     93.22% |      369810      4.45%     97.67% |      108640      1.31%     98.97% |       56179      0.68%     99.65% |       21933      0.26%     99.91% |        5887      0.07%     99.98% |        1282      0.02%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8315619                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8364409                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.173029                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.843568                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.006132                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5482070     65.54%     65.54% |     2845492     34.02%     99.56% |       32231      0.39%     99.94% |        3772      0.05%     99.99% |         705      0.01%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8364409                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        240475                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.577744                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.702342                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.528864                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        4306      1.79%      1.79% |       27804     11.56%     13.35% |       81648     33.95%     47.31% |       58346     24.26%     71.57% |       49074     20.41%     91.98% |       14861      6.18%     98.16% |        3859      1.60%     99.76% |         505      0.21%     99.97% |          69      0.03%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          240475                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8147617                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           48.807790                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           7.228810                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         130.466699                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8129971     99.78%     99.78% |       16020      0.20%     99.98% |        1380      0.02%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8147617                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6318822                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.027368                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.021236                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.233413                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6213811     98.34%     98.34% |       55145      0.87%     99.21% |       33853      0.54%     99.75% |       13970      0.22%     99.97% |        2041      0.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6318822                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1828795                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     206.987540                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    147.290255                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    208.738173                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1811149     99.04%     99.04% |       16020      0.88%     99.91% |        1380      0.08%     99.99% |         222      0.01%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1828795                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         14931743                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           18.556912                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.988078                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          74.251563                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    14875348     99.62%     99.62% |       48767      0.33%     99.95% |        5421      0.04%     99.99% |        1361      0.01%     99.99% |         525      0.00%    100.00% |         197      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           14931743                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     13908103                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.005264                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004254                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.091091                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13855278     99.62%     99.62% |       33327      0.24%     99.86% |       18642      0.13%     99.99% |         829      0.01%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       13908103                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1023640                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     229.855732                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    187.206085                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    180.245943                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      967245     94.49%     94.49% |       48767      4.76%     99.25% |        5421      0.53%     99.78% |        1361      0.13%     99.92% |         525      0.05%     99.97% |         197      0.02%     99.99% |          70      0.01%     99.99% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1023640                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9358286                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.103512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.130720                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.728331                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9355488     99.97%     99.97% |        2551      0.03%    100.00% |         220      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9358286                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9234812                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9234812    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9234812                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123474                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.636903                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.033807                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.351512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120676     97.73%     97.73% |        2551      2.07%     99.80% |         220      0.18%     99.98% |          23      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123474                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.971543                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.256173                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223080     98.25%     98.25% |        3054      1.35%     99.60% |         775      0.34%     99.94% |          71      0.03%     99.97% |          31      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212198                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212099     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212198                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14848                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.597656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.663003                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.584596                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.29%     73.29% |        3054     20.57%     93.86% |         775      5.22%     99.08% |          71      0.48%     99.56% |          31      0.21%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14848                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       390035                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7616197                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        96932                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   110240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   117351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   108089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   117942                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   128689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   131946                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    98753                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   102486                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 192320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 166953                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 129271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 166362                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 319919                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 379254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 211631                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 189642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   168588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   145749                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   111939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   144885                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   286604                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   339611                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   185786                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   166198                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               302560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               284304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               237360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               284304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               448608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               511200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               310384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               292128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6361704                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139693339934019                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139693339670059                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 5967684                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6041997                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                36935512                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                37627370                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                37332517                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  220896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  207568                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  173296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  207568                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  327520                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  373216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  226608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  213280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  81664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  76736                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  64064                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  76736                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                 121088                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                 137984                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  83776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  78848                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                77465                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                83162                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                77022                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                84082                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                86189                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                86071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                68907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                71623                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             143431                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             124406                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              96274                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             123486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             241331                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             287145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             157701                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             141657                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               32775                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               34189                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               31067                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               33860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               42500                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               45875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               29846                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               30863                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             48889                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             42547                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             32997                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             42876                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             78588                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             92109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             53930                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             47985                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      116                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      109                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       91                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      109                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      172                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      196                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      119                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      112                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                9552680                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                9489769                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                9700783                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                9510331                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                9480341                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                9517795                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                9557809                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                9516032                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1856                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1744                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1456                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1744                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    2752                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    3136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    1904                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1792                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               8637587                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8672809                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               8938538                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8678353                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               6900096                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               6431767                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8593372                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               8650835                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            4795100                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            4499667                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            3762092                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            4511212                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles           10599447                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles           12891303                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            4932727                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            4621486                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3342298                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3201030                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3295144                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3143460                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2917054                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2754025                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3381204                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3255186                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          8637587                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8672809                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          8938538                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8678353                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          6900096                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          6431767                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8593372                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          8650835                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       4753871                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       4467022                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       3729367                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       4467019                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       7046416                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       8028880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       4876742                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       4589984                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3168613                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3098639                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3207303                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3077716                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2857430                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2735356                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3189829                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3131745                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            9113180                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            9084780                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            9294792                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            9079503                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            8142214                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            7877682                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            9089879                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            9074971                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9487778                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          9513455                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9626118                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          9529116                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9012870                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          8823692                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          9463786                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          9498298                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             44844                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             42597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             35506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             42672                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             62988                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             72152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             45739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             43537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             11663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             12796                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             12893                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             12665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             12827                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             13366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              9952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             10770                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             27296                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             31725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             29713                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             31604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             27757                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             27885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             22086                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             23937                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          104926                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           25006                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          150544                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles           50636                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1463719                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1639826                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          342294                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          132002                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      330325     25.38%     25.38% |      323711     24.88%     50.26% |      323820     24.88%     75.15% |      323413     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1301269                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180335     25.70%     25.70% |      173785     24.77%     50.47% |      173764     24.77%     75.24% |      173745     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701629                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      330350     25.39%     25.39% |      323711     24.88%     50.26% |      323820     24.88%     75.15% |      323412     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1301293                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186152     25.68%     25.68% |      179606     24.78%     50.45% |      179590     24.77%     75.23% |      179572     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724920                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141798     25.01%     25.01% |      141734     25.00%     50.02% |      141864     25.03%     75.04% |      141476     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       566872                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      330325     25.38%     25.38% |      323711     24.88%     50.26% |      323820     24.88%     75.15% |      323413     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1301269                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180099     25.70%     25.70% |      173606     24.77%     50.47% |      173590     24.77%     75.23% |      173572     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700867                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141798     25.01%     25.01% |      141734     25.00%     50.02% |      141864     25.03%     75.04% |      141476     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       566872                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      330325     25.38%     25.38% |      323711     24.88%     50.26% |      323820     24.88%     75.15% |      323412     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1301268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180099     25.70%     25.70% |      173606     24.77%     50.47% |      173590     24.77%     75.23% |      173572     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700867                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6198888     75.94%     75.94% |          18      0.00%     75.94% |      221055      2.71%     78.65% |      207624      2.54%     81.19% |      173458      2.12%     83.32% |      207710      2.54%     85.86% |      333107      4.08%     89.94% |      380505      4.66%     94.60% |      227010      2.78%     97.39% |      213454      2.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8162829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9358343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9358343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14439492     95.20%     95.20% |           0      0.00%     95.20% |       81950      0.54%     95.74% |       76938      0.51%     96.25% |       64209      0.42%     96.67% |       77009      0.51%     97.18% |      123416      0.81%     97.99% |      140725      0.93%     98.92% |       84208      0.56%     99.48% |       79170      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15167117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17075     10.90%     10.90% |          18      0.01%     10.91% |       17060     10.89%     21.80% |       16212     10.35%     32.15% |       13423      8.57%     40.72% |       16409     10.47%     51.20% |       20633     13.17%     64.37% |       22978     14.67%     79.03% |       17220     10.99%     90.03% |       15622      9.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       156650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      809197     26.65%     26.65% |           0      0.00%     26.65% |      248265      8.17%     34.82% |      235628      7.76%     42.58% |      200026      6.59%     49.17% |      237119      7.81%     56.97% |      379534     12.50%     69.47% |      430628     14.18%     83.65% |      254255      8.37%     92.02% |      242294      7.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3036946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3002     11.86%     11.86% |        2950     11.66%     23.52% |        2569     10.15%     33.68% |        2997     11.84%     45.52% |        3381     13.36%     58.88% |        4219     16.67%     75.56% |        3107     12.28%     87.84% |        3077     12.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        25302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7348     12.56%     12.56% |        6940     11.86%     24.42% |        5804      9.92%     34.34% |        7443     12.72%     47.05% |        8068     13.79%     60.84% |        9004     15.39%     76.22% |        7163     12.24%     88.46% |        6751     11.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        58523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      190773     11.63%     11.63% |          16      0.00%     11.63% |      163612      9.98%     21.61% |      154244      9.41%     31.02% |      131851      8.04%     39.06% |      154109      9.40%     48.46% |      241511     14.73%     63.18% |      275518     16.80%     79.98% |      167416     10.21%     90.19% |      160823      9.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1639873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7031     12.01%     12.02% |        6653     11.37%     23.39% |        4885      8.35%     31.73% |        6525     11.15%     42.88% |        9161     15.65%     58.54% |       10856     18.55%     77.09% |        7075     12.09%     89.18% |        6335     10.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        58523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622858     48.20%     48.20% |           0      0.00%     48.20% |       77301      5.98%     54.18% |       74767      5.79%     59.96% |       63118      4.88%     64.85% |       75828      5.87%     70.71% |      105983      8.20%     78.91% |      118826      9.19%     88.11% |       79152      6.12%     94.23% |       74535      5.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1292368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      687101     26.55%     26.55% |           0      0.00%     26.55% |      214098      8.27%     34.82% |      202912      7.84%     42.66% |      173759      6.71%     49.38% |      202863      7.84%     57.22% |      316366     12.22%     69.44% |      360347     13.92%     83.37% |      219468      8.48%     91.85% |      211007      8.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2587921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      190195     10.41%     10.41% |           9      0.00%     10.41% |      186558     10.21%     20.61% |      176505      9.66%     30.27% |      148597      8.13%     38.40% |      176822      9.67%     48.07% |      270046     14.77%     62.85% |      307039     16.80%     79.65% |      190808     10.44%     90.09% |      181212      9.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1827791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120992    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498906     48.07%     48.07% |           0      0.00%     48.07% |       61374      5.91%     53.98% |       59129      5.70%     59.68% |       51176      4.93%     64.61% |       59579      5.74%     70.35% |       86548      8.34%     78.69% |       97915      9.43%     88.13% |       62807      6.05%     94.18% |       60420      5.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1037854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      7.43%      7.43% |           0      0.00%      7.43% |       16807     11.30%     18.74% |       15912     10.70%     29.44% |       12722      8.56%     37.99% |       16225     10.91%     48.91% |       20573     13.84%     62.74% |       22973     15.45%     78.19% |       16989     11.43%     89.62% |       15433     10.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       148685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         995     99.10%     99.10% |           9      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2483    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          61      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |          12      1.87%     11.39% |          30      4.68%     16.07% |          81     12.64%     28.71% |          61      9.52%     38.22% |          61      9.52%     47.74% |         246     38.38%     86.12% |          28      4.37%     90.48% |          61      9.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1595      5.74%      5.74% |           0      0.00%      5.74% |        3202     11.51%     17.25% |        3187     11.46%     28.71% |        3161     11.37%     40.07% |        3060     11.00%     51.08% |        3325     11.96%     63.03% |        3868     13.91%     76.94% |        3259     11.72%     88.66% |        3154     11.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        27811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     20.96%     20.96% |           0      0.00%     20.96% |        3875      9.90%     30.86% |        3864      9.87%     40.73% |        3502      8.94%     49.67% |        4138     10.57%     60.24% |        3872      9.89%     70.13% |        3701      9.45%     79.58% |        4444     11.35%     90.93% |        3552      9.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        39155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9234812    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9234812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3458     92.21%     92.21% |           2      0.05%     92.27% |          45      1.20%     93.47% |          61      1.63%     95.09% |          98      2.61%     97.71% |          22      0.59%     98.29% |           7      0.19%     98.48% |           0      0.00%     98.48% |          35      0.93%     99.41% |          22      0.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     32.91%     32.91% |           0      0.00%     32.91% |       30120      8.23%     41.14% |       29023      7.93%     49.08% |       22341      6.11%     55.19% |       29966      8.19%     63.38% |       36391      9.95%     73.33% |       40227     11.00%     84.33% |       30376      8.30%     92.63% |       26959      7.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       365777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3315243     92.18%     92.18% |           0      0.00%     92.18% |       30431      0.85%     93.03% |       27167      0.76%     93.78% |       21165      0.59%     94.37% |       26576      0.74%     95.11% |       53570      1.49%     96.60% |       62444      1.74%     98.34% |       31324      0.87%     99.21% |       28484      0.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3596404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2331     76.45%     76.45% |          16      0.52%     76.98% |          89      2.92%     79.90% |          77      2.53%     82.42% |         297      9.74%     92.16% |          74      2.43%     94.59% |          27      0.89%     95.47% |           1      0.03%     95.51% |          79      2.59%     98.10% |          58      1.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         3049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      152832      9.91%      9.91% |           0      0.00%      9.91% |      156050     10.12%     20.03% |      147101      9.54%     29.57% |      125600      8.15%     37.72% |      146477      9.50%     47.22% |      233356     15.13%     62.35% |      266562     17.29%     79.64% |      160058     10.38%     90.02% |      153917      9.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1541953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7289     12.58%     12.58% |        6895     11.90%     24.48% |        5773      9.96%     34.44% |        7393     12.76%     47.19% |        7923     13.67%     60.87% |        8862     15.29%     76.16% |        7122     12.29%     88.45% |        6695     11.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        57952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2683263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2683263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    13904865     98.71%     98.71% |           0      0.00%     98.71% |       20254      0.14%     98.86% |       17552      0.12%     98.98% |       12779      0.09%     99.07% |       17071      0.12%     99.19% |       34455      0.24%     99.44% |       39816      0.28%     99.72% |       20917      0.15%     99.87% |       18343      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14086052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         235     20.45%     20.45% |           0      0.00%     20.45% |         118     10.27%     30.72% |         160     13.93%     44.65% |         304     26.46%     71.11% |          82      7.14%     78.24% |          25      2.18%     80.42% |           3      0.26%     80.68% |         114      9.92%     90.60% |         108      9.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534269     51.08%     51.08% |           0      0.00%     51.08% |       58048      5.55%     56.63% |       55811      5.34%     61.96% |       48159      4.60%     66.57% |       56386      5.39%     71.96% |       83010      7.94%     79.90% |       93785      8.97%     88.86% |       59410      5.68%     94.54% |       57090      5.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1045968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2998     11.88%     11.88% |        2947     11.68%     23.56% |        2569     10.18%     33.75% |        2995     11.87%     45.62% |        3351     13.28%     58.90% |        4201     16.65%     75.55% |        3100     12.29%     87.84% |        3068     12.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        25229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         120      0.29%      0.29% |           0      0.00%      0.29% |         629      1.54%      1.83% |         373      0.91%      2.74% |         579      1.42%      4.16% |         913      2.23%      6.39% |       17245     42.17%     48.56% |       19256     47.09%     95.65% |         898      2.20%     97.84% |         882      2.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        40895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      190773     11.63%     11.63% |          16      0.00%     11.63% |      163612      9.98%     21.61% |      154244      9.41%     31.02% |      131851      8.04%     39.06% |      154108      9.40%     48.46% |      241511     14.73%     63.18% |      275518     16.80%     79.98% |      167416     10.21%     90.19% |      160823      9.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1639872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7031     12.01%     12.02% |        6653     11.37%     23.39% |        4885      8.35%     31.73% |        6525     11.15%     42.88% |        9161     15.65%     58.54% |       10856     18.55%     77.09% |        7075     12.09%     89.18% |        6335     10.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        58523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123891     48.80%     48.80% |           0      0.00%     48.80% |       15915      6.27%     55.07% |       15608      6.15%     61.22% |       11861      4.67%     65.89% |       16188      6.38%     72.27% |       19374      7.63%     79.90% |       20665      8.14%     88.04% |       16317      6.43%     94.46% |       14054      5.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       253873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           7      0.05%      0.05% |           0      0.00%      0.05% |         216      1.49%      1.53% |         133      0.91%      2.45% |         186      1.28%      3.73% |         317      2.18%      5.91% |        6207     42.68%     48.59% |        6930     47.66%     96.25% |         254      1.75%     97.99% |         292      2.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        14542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498967     48.05%     48.05% |           0      0.00%     48.05% |       61386      5.91%     53.96% |       59159      5.70%     59.65% |       51257      4.94%     64.59% |       59640      5.74%     70.33% |       86609      8.34%     78.67% |       98161      9.45%     88.13% |       62835      6.05%     94.18% |       60481      5.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1038495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         985      6.48%      6.48% |           0      0.00%      6.48% |         191      1.26%      7.74% |          88      0.58%      8.32% |         194      1.28%      9.59% |         173      1.14%     10.73% |        5615     36.94%     47.67% |        7313     48.12%     95.79% |         434      2.86%     98.64% |         206      1.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total        15199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         114      1.62%      1.62% |           0      0.00%      1.62% |         310      4.41%      6.04% |         227      3.23%      9.27% |         173      2.46%     11.73% |         298      4.24%     15.98% |        2352     33.49%     49.47% |        2747     39.11%     88.58% |         456      6.49%     95.07% |         346      4.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         7023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           2     12.50%     18.75% |           2     12.50%     31.25% |           5     31.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           3     18.75%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4      5.48%      5.48% |           3      4.11%      9.59% |           0      0.00%      9.59% |           2      2.74%     12.33% |          30     41.10%     53.42% |          18     24.66%     78.08% |           7      9.59%     87.67% |           9     12.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          59     10.37%     10.37% |          45      7.91%     18.28% |          31      5.45%     23.73% |          50      8.79%     32.51% |         145     25.48%     58.00% |         142     24.96%     82.95% |          41      7.21%     90.16% |          56      9.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      687101     26.56%     26.56% |           0      0.00%     26.56% |      214034      8.27%     34.83% |      202862      7.84%     42.67% |      173726      6.71%     49.39% |      202806      7.84%     57.22% |      316190     12.22%     69.44% |      360186     13.92%     83.37% |      219417      8.48%     91.85% |      210941      8.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2587263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           4     30.77%     38.46% |           8     61.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64      9.73%      9.73% |          50      7.60%     17.33% |          33      5.02%     22.34% |          57      8.66%     31.00% |         176     26.75%     57.75% |         161     24.47%     82.22% |          51      7.75%     89.97% |          66     10.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          658                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3856      3.12%      3.12% |        3691      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3476      2.81%     14.53% |        3972      3.22%     17.74% |        3700      3.00%     20.74% |        3315      2.68%     23.42% |        3509      2.84%     26.26% |        5107      4.13%     30.39% |        3873      3.14%     33.53% |        3791      3.07%     36.60% |        3481      2.82%     39.42% |        4382      3.55%     42.96% |        3832      3.10%     46.07% |        3778      3.06%     49.12% |        4112      3.33%     52.45% |        4148      3.36%     55.81% |        3654      2.96%     58.77% |        3334      2.70%     61.47% |        3070      2.49%     63.95% |        3734      3.02%     66.97% |        3513      2.84%     69.82% |        3355      2.72%     72.53% |        3600      2.91%     75.45% |        3721      3.01%     78.46% |        3238      2.62%     81.08% |        4609      3.73%     84.81% |        3986      3.23%     88.04% |        5236      4.24%     92.28% |        5103      4.13%     96.41% |        4439      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123538                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      117123      6.40%      6.40% |       56127      3.07%      9.47% |       55005      3.01%     12.48% |       55893      3.05%     15.53% |       55258      3.02%     18.55% |       54931      3.00%     21.55% |       54662      2.99%     24.54% |       54609      2.98%     27.52% |       54713      2.99%     30.51% |       55165      3.02%     33.53% |       57013      3.12%     36.65% |       56295      3.08%     39.72% |       55597      3.04%     42.76% |       54656      2.99%     45.75% |       54130      2.96%     48.71% |       54296      2.97%     51.67% |       55269      3.02%     54.69% |       54887      3.00%     57.69% |       55281      3.02%     60.72% |       55388      3.03%     63.74% |       55287      3.02%     66.77% |       56522      3.09%     69.85% |       55439      3.03%     72.88% |       54594      2.98%     75.87% |       54727      2.99%     78.86% |       55132      3.01%     81.87% |       54642      2.99%     84.86% |       54433      2.98%     87.83% |       55035      3.01%     90.84% |       54363      2.97%     93.81% |       55061      3.01%     96.82% |       58145      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1829678                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       41306      3.98%      3.98% |       32283      3.11%      7.09% |       32141      3.09%     10.18% |       32345      3.11%     13.29% |       31945      3.08%     16.37% |       31811      3.06%     19.43% |       32219      3.10%     22.53% |       31840      3.07%     25.60% |       31921      3.07%     28.67% |       32609      3.14%     31.81% |       31942      3.08%     34.89% |       32065      3.09%     37.98% |       32147      3.10%     41.07% |       31670      3.05%     44.12% |       31691      3.05%     47.17% |       31794      3.06%     50.23% |       31890      3.07%     53.30% |       31948      3.08%     56.38% |       32334      3.11%     59.49% |       32314      3.11%     62.60% |       32058      3.09%     65.69% |       33166      3.19%     68.88% |       31976      3.08%     71.96% |       32132      3.09%     75.06% |       32036      3.08%     78.14% |       32051      3.09%     81.23% |       32313      3.11%     84.34% |       32237      3.10%     87.44% |       31929      3.07%     90.51% |       31925      3.07%     93.59% |       34047      3.28%     96.87% |       32549      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1038634                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      149929      5.79%      5.79% |       79840      3.08%      8.88% |       78395      3.03%     11.91% |       79361      3.07%     14.97% |       78378      3.03%     18.00% |       77586      3.00%     21.00% |       77825      3.01%     24.00% |       77554      3.00%     27.00% |       78134      3.02%     30.02% |       79240      3.06%     33.08% |       79952      3.09%     36.17% |       79275      3.06%     39.23% |       78694      3.04%     42.27% |       77277      2.99%     45.26% |       76755      2.97%     48.22% |       77098      2.98%     51.20% |       78455      3.03%     54.23% |       78290      3.02%     57.26% |       79030      3.05%     60.31% |       79080      3.06%     63.37% |       78483      3.03%     66.40% |       80728      3.12%     69.52% |       78727      3.04%     72.56% |       77997      3.01%     75.57% |       78195      3.02%     78.59% |       78761      3.04%     81.64% |       78624      3.04%     84.67% |       78252      3.02%     87.70% |       78325      3.03%     90.72% |       77619      3.00%     93.72% |       80435      3.11%     96.83% |       82068      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2588362                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           6      5.66%      5.66% |           6      5.66%     11.32% |           3      2.83%     14.15% |           2      1.89%     16.04% |           3      2.83%     18.87% |           0      0.00%     18.87% |           4      3.77%     22.64% |          10      9.43%     32.08% |           3      2.83%     34.91% |           2      1.89%     36.79% |           3      2.83%     39.62% |           5      4.72%     44.34% |           2      1.89%     46.23% |           1      0.94%     47.17% |           1      0.94%     48.11% |           5      4.72%     52.83% |           0      0.00%     52.83% |           4      3.77%     56.60% |           6      5.66%     62.26% |           4      3.77%     66.04% |           2      1.89%     67.92% |           4      3.77%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           6      5.66%     77.36% |           6      5.66%     83.02% |           3      2.83%     85.85% |           2      1.89%     87.74% |           5      4.72%     92.45% |           1      0.94%     93.40% |           1      0.94%     94.34% |           1      0.94%     95.28% |           5      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28167      4.02%      4.02% |       21669      3.09%      7.12% |       21690      3.10%     10.21% |       21688      3.10%     13.31% |       21659      3.09%     16.40% |       21665      3.09%     19.50% |       21668      3.09%     22.59% |       21667      3.09%     25.68% |       21687      3.10%     28.78% |       21689      3.10%     31.88% |       21696      3.10%     34.97% |       21702      3.10%     38.07% |       21672      3.09%     41.17% |       21683      3.10%     44.26% |       21664      3.09%     47.36% |       21671      3.09%     50.45% |       21699      3.10%     53.55% |       21682      3.10%     56.65% |       21684      3.10%     59.74% |       21696      3.10%     62.84% |       21677      3.10%     65.93% |       21698      3.10%     69.03% |       21687      3.10%     72.13% |       21690      3.10%     75.23% |       21704      3.10%     78.33% |       21703      3.10%     81.42% |       21689      3.10%     84.52% |       21694      3.10%     87.62% |       21700      3.10%     90.72% |       21674      3.09%     93.81% |       21674      3.09%     96.91% |       21666      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17892      3.15%      3.15% |       17763      3.13%      6.28% |       17770      3.13%      9.42% |       17705      3.12%     12.54% |       17700      3.12%     15.66% |       17685      3.12%     18.77% |       17714      3.12%     21.90% |       17749      3.13%     25.02% |       17709      3.12%     28.14% |       17762      3.13%     31.27% |       17780      3.13%     34.41% |       17709      3.12%     37.53% |       17746      3.13%     40.66% |       17721      3.12%     43.78% |       17779      3.13%     46.91% |       17721      3.12%     50.04% |       17699      3.12%     53.16% |       17714      3.12%     56.28% |       17773      3.13%     59.41% |       17680      3.12%     62.53% |       17710      3.12%     65.65% |       17776      3.13%     68.78% |       17712      3.12%     71.90% |       17663      3.11%     75.02% |       17757      3.13%     78.15% |       17751      3.13%     81.27% |       17764      3.13%     84.41% |       17654      3.11%     87.52% |       17719      3.12%     90.64% |       17705      3.12%     93.76% |       17710      3.12%     96.88% |       17693      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       567385                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47170      3.62%      3.62% |       40480      3.11%      6.74% |       40506      3.11%      9.85% |       40439      3.11%     12.96% |       40403      3.10%     16.06% |       40395      3.10%     19.17% |       40428      3.11%     22.27% |       40462      3.11%     25.38% |       40442      3.11%     28.49% |       40498      3.11%     31.60% |       40521      3.11%     34.72% |       40456      3.11%     37.82% |       40463      3.11%     40.93% |       40449      3.11%     44.04% |       40488      3.11%     47.15% |       40437      3.11%     50.26% |       40443      3.11%     53.37% |       40442      3.11%     56.48% |       40503      3.11%     59.59% |       40422      3.11%     62.70% |       40433      3.11%     65.80% |       40521      3.11%     68.92% |       40445      3.11%     72.03% |       40398      3.10%     75.13% |       40507      3.11%     78.24% |       40501      3.11%     81.36% |       40499      3.11%     84.47% |       40392      3.10%     87.57% |       40464      3.11%     90.68% |       40425      3.11%     93.79% |       40430      3.11%     96.89% |       40406      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1301268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46146      3.64%      3.64% |       39456      3.11%      6.75% |       39482      3.11%      9.86% |       39415      3.11%     12.97% |       39379      3.10%     16.07% |       39371      3.10%     19.18% |       39404      3.11%     22.28% |       39438      3.11%     25.39% |       39418      3.11%     28.50% |       39474      3.11%     31.61% |       39497      3.11%     34.72% |       39432      3.11%     37.83% |       39439      3.11%     40.94% |       39425      3.11%     44.05% |       39464      3.11%     47.16% |       39413      3.11%     50.27% |       39419      3.11%     53.38% |       39418      3.11%     56.48% |       39479      3.11%     59.60% |       39398      3.11%     62.70% |       39409      3.11%     65.81% |       39497      3.11%     68.92% |       39421      3.11%     72.03% |       39374      3.10%     75.13% |       39483      3.11%     78.25% |       39477      3.11%     81.36% |       39475      3.11%     84.47% |       39368      3.10%     87.57% |       39440      3.11%     90.68% |       39401      3.11%     93.79% |       39406      3.11%     96.90% |       39382      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1268500                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          93      7.97%      7.97% |          50      4.28%     12.25% |          43      3.68%     15.94% |          25      2.14%     18.08% |          24      2.06%     20.14% |          27      2.31%     22.45% |          26      2.23%     24.68% |          37      3.17%     27.85% |          39      3.34%     31.19% |          35      3.00%     34.19% |          48      4.11%     38.30% |          21      1.80%     40.10% |          20      1.71%     41.82% |          23      1.97%     43.79% |          35      3.00%     46.79% |          31      2.66%     49.44% |          38      3.26%     52.70% |          28      2.40%     55.10% |          35      3.00%     58.10% |          36      3.08%     61.18% |          55      4.71%     65.90% |          65      5.57%     71.47% |          32      2.74%     74.21% |          34      2.91%     77.12% |          42      3.60%     80.72% |          38      3.26%     83.98% |          34      2.91%     86.89% |          26      2.23%     89.12% |          27      2.31%     91.43% |          37      3.17%     94.60% |          32      2.74%     97.34% |          31      2.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1167                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1752      2.99%      2.99% |        1778      3.04%      6.03% |        1788      3.06%      9.09% |        1863      3.18%     12.27% |        1854      3.17%     15.44% |        1879      3.21%     18.65% |        1858      3.17%     21.82% |        1805      3.08%     24.91% |        1766      3.02%     27.93% |        1792      3.06%     30.99% |        1867      3.19%     34.18% |        1895      3.24%     37.42% |        1928      3.29%     40.71% |        1886      3.22%     43.93% |        1885      3.22%     47.16% |        1875      3.20%     50.36% |        1819      3.11%     53.47% |        1805      3.08%     56.55% |        1840      3.14%     59.70% |        1828      3.12%     62.82% |        1903      3.25%     66.07% |        1862      3.18%     69.25% |        1827      3.12%     72.38% |        1830      3.13%     75.50% |        1812      3.10%     78.60% |        1750      2.99%     81.59% |        1765      3.02%     84.61% |        1803      3.08%     87.69% |        1830      3.13%     90.81% |        1811      3.09%     93.91% |        1798      3.07%     96.98% |        1767      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        58521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2492      3.06%      3.06% |        2535      3.12%      6.18% |        2530      3.11%      9.29% |        2628      3.23%     12.52% |        2607      3.20%     15.73% |        2648      3.26%     18.98% |        2595      3.19%     22.17% |        2548      3.13%     25.30% |        2428      2.98%     28.29% |        2432      2.99%     31.28% |        2511      3.09%     34.37% |        2583      3.18%     37.54% |        2602      3.20%     40.74% |        2574      3.16%     43.90% |        2529      3.11%     47.01% |        2537      3.12%     50.13% |        2456      3.02%     53.15% |        2437      3.00%     56.15% |        2437      3.00%     59.14% |        2477      3.05%     62.19% |        2569      3.16%     65.35% |        2590      3.18%     68.53% |        2541      3.12%     71.65% |        2557      3.14%     74.80% |        2514      3.09%     77.89% |        2540      3.12%     81.01% |        2463      3.03%     84.04% |        2562      3.15%     87.19% |        2602      3.20%     90.39% |        2633      3.24%     93.62% |        2612      3.21%     96.83% |        2575      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        81344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2303      3.11%      3.11% |        2264      3.05%      6.16% |        2266      3.06%      9.22% |        2336      3.15%     12.37% |        2333      3.15%     15.51% |        2345      3.16%     18.68% |        2331      3.14%     21.82% |        2325      3.14%     24.96% |        2257      3.04%     28.00% |        2235      3.01%     31.02% |        2341      3.16%     34.17% |        2369      3.20%     37.37% |        2434      3.28%     40.65% |        2375      3.20%     43.85% |        2375      3.20%     47.06% |        2343      3.16%     50.22% |        2300      3.10%     53.32% |        2286      3.08%     56.40% |        2291      3.09%     59.49% |        2263      3.05%     62.55% |        2343      3.16%     65.71% |        2385      3.22%     68.92% |        2301      3.10%     72.03% |        2259      3.05%     75.07% |        2316      3.12%     78.20% |        2289      3.09%     81.28% |        2287      3.08%     84.37% |        2289      3.09%     87.46% |        2357      3.18%     90.64% |        2345      3.16%     93.80% |        2340      3.16%     96.95% |        2258      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        74141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1752      2.99%      2.99% |        1778      3.04%      6.03% |        1788      3.06%      9.09% |        1863      3.18%     12.27% |        1854      3.17%     15.44% |        1879      3.21%     18.65% |        1858      3.17%     21.82% |        1805      3.08%     24.91% |        1766      3.02%     27.93% |        1792      3.06%     30.99% |        1867      3.19%     34.18% |        1895      3.24%     37.42% |        1928      3.29%     40.71% |        1886      3.22%     43.93% |        1885      3.22%     47.15% |        1875      3.20%     50.36% |        1819      3.11%     53.47% |        1805      3.08%     56.55% |        1840      3.14%     59.69% |        1828      3.12%     62.82% |        1903      3.25%     66.07% |        1862      3.18%     69.25% |        1827      3.12%     72.37% |        1830      3.13%     75.50% |        1812      3.10%     78.60% |        1752      2.99%     81.59% |        1765      3.02%     84.61% |        1803      3.08%     87.69% |        1830      3.13%     90.81% |        1811      3.09%     93.91% |        1798      3.07%     96.98% |        1767      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        58523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      152737      5.70%      5.70% |       82634      3.09%      8.79% |       81201      3.03%     11.82% |       82183      3.07%     14.89% |       81216      3.03%     17.92% |       80505      3.01%     20.93% |       80616      3.01%     23.94% |       80339      3.00%     26.94% |       80857      3.02%     29.95% |       82001      3.06%     33.02% |       82843      3.09%     36.11% |       82132      3.07%     39.18% |       81607      3.05%     42.22% |       80156      2.99%     45.21% |       79616      2.97%     48.19% |       79925      2.98%     51.17% |       81228      3.03%     54.20% |       81093      3.03%     57.23% |       81813      3.05%     60.29% |       81880      3.06%     63.34% |       81387      3.04%     66.38% |       83661      3.12%     69.51% |       81525      3.04%     72.55% |       80753      3.01%     75.56% |       80956      3.02%     78.59% |       81465      3.04%     81.63% |       81374      3.04%     84.67% |       81023      3.03%     87.69% |       81173      3.03%     90.72% |       80461      3.00%     93.73% |       83203      3.11%     96.83% |       84826      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2678389                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         471      3.25%      3.25% |         418      2.88%      6.13% |         425      2.93%      9.06% |         421      2.90%     11.97% |         431      2.97%     14.94% |         408      2.81%     17.76% |         430      2.97%     20.72% |         477      3.29%     24.01% |         447      3.08%     27.10% |         432      2.98%     30.08% |         459      3.17%     33.24% |         459      3.17%     36.41% |         488      3.37%     39.77% |         468      3.23%     43.00% |         480      3.31%     46.31% |         468      3.23%     49.54% |         480      3.31%     52.85% |         484      3.34%     56.19% |         481      3.32%     59.51% |         450      3.10%     62.61% |         438      3.02%     65.63% |         463      3.19%     68.83% |         425      2.93%     71.76% |         427      2.95%     74.71% |         475      3.28%     77.98% |         498      3.44%     81.42% |         475      3.28%     84.69% |         429      2.96%     87.65% |         450      3.10%     90.76% |         460      3.17%     93.93% |         456      3.15%     97.08% |         424      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24704      4.23%      4.23% |       18116      3.10%      7.33% |       18135      3.10%     10.43% |       18062      3.09%     13.52% |       18032      3.09%     16.61% |       18037      3.09%     19.70% |       18047      3.09%     22.78% |       18042      3.09%     25.87% |       18041      3.09%     28.96% |       18112      3.10%     32.06% |       18124      3.10%     35.16% |       18034      3.09%     38.25% |       18028      3.09%     41.33% |       18038      3.09%     44.42% |       18067      3.09%     47.51% |       18028      3.09%     50.60% |       18013      3.08%     53.68% |       18002      3.08%     56.76% |       18068      3.09%     59.85% |       18022      3.08%     62.94% |       18022      3.08%     66.02% |       18070      3.09%     69.11% |       18076      3.09%     72.21% |       18021      3.08%     75.29% |       18072      3.09%     78.39% |       18053      3.09%     81.48% |       18064      3.09%     84.57% |       18022      3.08%     87.65% |       18071      3.09%     90.74% |       18020      3.08%     93.83% |       18020      3.08%     96.91% |       18045      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       584308                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.50% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.62% |       21988      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           3     18.75%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           2     12.50%     43.75% |           4     25.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           2     12.50%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        3884      3.02%      3.02% |        3940      3.06%      6.08% |        4059      3.15%      9.24% |        4085      3.18%     12.41% |        4041      3.14%     15.55% |        4272      3.32%     18.87% |        4311      3.35%     22.22% |        4195      3.26%     25.48% |        3903      3.03%     28.52% |        3906      3.04%     31.55% |        4122      3.20%     34.76% |        4210      3.27%     38.03% |        4104      3.19%     41.22% |        4197      3.26%     44.48% |        4213      3.27%     47.76% |        4173      3.24%     51.00% |        4014      3.12%     54.12% |        3878      3.01%     57.13% |        3885      3.02%     60.15% |        3922      3.05%     63.20% |        3965      3.08%     66.29% |        4009      3.12%     69.40% |        3963      3.08%     72.48% |        4078      3.17%     75.65% |        3932      3.06%     78.71% |        3921      3.05%     81.76% |        3726      2.90%     84.65% |        3773      2.93%     87.58% |        3900      3.03%     90.62% |        3965      3.08%     93.70% |        4044      3.14%     96.84% |        4065      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       128655                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           6      1.10%      1.10% |           8      1.47%      2.57% |          14      2.57%      5.14% |           8      1.47%      6.61% |          11      2.02%      8.62% |          13      2.39%     11.01% |          22      4.04%     15.05% |          13      2.39%     17.43% |          10      1.83%     19.27% |           7      1.28%     20.55% |          20      3.67%     24.22% |          18      3.30%     27.52% |          19      3.49%     31.01% |          18      3.30%     34.31% |          19      3.49%     37.80% |          20      3.67%     41.47% |          17      3.12%     44.59% |          13      2.39%     46.97% |          23      4.22%     51.19% |          20      3.67%     54.86% |          26      4.77%     59.63% |          17      3.12%     62.75% |          24      4.40%     67.16% |          20      3.67%     70.83% |          23      4.22%     75.05% |          20      3.67%     78.72% |          21      3.85%     82.57% |          21      3.85%     86.42% |          18      3.30%     89.72% |          18      3.30%     93.03% |          26      4.77%     97.80% |          12      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          545                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2204      3.10%      3.10% |        2164      3.04%      6.15% |        2178      3.06%      9.21% |        2251      3.17%     12.38% |        2250      3.17%     15.54% |        2260      3.18%     18.72% |        2249      3.16%     21.89% |        2242      3.15%     25.04% |        2174      3.06%     28.10% |        2146      3.02%     31.12% |        2224      3.13%     34.25% |        2271      3.20%     37.44% |        2336      3.29%     40.73% |        2272      3.20%     43.93% |        2271      3.20%     47.12% |        2247      3.16%     50.28% |        2208      3.11%     53.39% |        2184      3.07%     56.46% |        2204      3.10%     59.56% |        2177      3.06%     62.63% |        2258      3.18%     65.80% |        2250      3.17%     68.97% |        2183      3.07%     72.04% |        2173      3.06%     75.10% |        2225      3.13%     78.23% |        2198      3.09%     81.32% |        2191      3.08%     84.40% |        2192      3.08%     87.49% |        2252      3.17%     90.66% |        2254      3.17%     93.83% |        2233      3.14%     96.97% |        2153      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        71074                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86744      8.21%      8.21% |       32253      3.05%     11.26% |       30962      2.93%     14.19% |       31822      3.01%     17.21% |       31273      2.96%     20.17% |       30687      2.90%     23.07% |       30389      2.88%     25.95% |       30503      2.89%     28.84% |       30940      2.93%     31.76% |       31308      2.96%     34.73% |       32812      3.11%     37.83% |       32081      3.04%     40.87% |       31473      2.98%     43.85% |       30478      2.88%     46.73% |       29894      2.83%     49.56% |       30153      2.85%     52.42% |       31366      2.97%     55.39% |       31168      2.95%     58.34% |       31434      2.98%     61.31% |       31569      2.99%     64.30% |       31359      2.97%     67.27% |       32462      3.07%     70.34% |       31502      2.98%     73.32% |       30621      2.90%     76.22% |       30869      2.92%     79.15% |       31373      2.97%     82.12% |       31030      2.94%     85.05% |       30789      2.91%     87.97% |       31194      2.95%     90.92% |       30529      2.89%     93.81% |       31157      2.95%     96.76% |       34243      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1056437                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       18541      5.97%      5.97% |        9562      3.08%      9.04% |        9370      3.02%     12.06% |        9605      3.09%     15.15% |        9202      2.96%     18.11% |        9017      2.90%     21.02% |        9504      3.06%     24.07% |        9106      2.93%     27.01% |        9204      2.96%     29.97% |        9894      3.18%     33.15% |        9197      2.96%     36.11% |        9305      2.99%     39.11% |        9378      3.02%     42.13% |        8926      2.87%     45.00% |        8963      2.88%     47.88% |        9071      2.92%     50.80% |        9162      2.95%     53.75% |        9192      2.96%     56.71% |        9583      3.08%     59.79% |        9552      3.07%     62.87% |        9232      2.97%     65.84% |       10338      3.33%     69.17% |        9249      2.98%     72.14% |        9421      3.03%     75.18% |        9303      2.99%     78.17% |        9327      3.00%     81.17% |        9544      3.07%     84.24% |        9494      3.06%     87.30% |        9164      2.95%     90.25% |        9151      2.95%     93.19% |       11318      3.64%     96.84% |        9829      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       310704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28141      4.02%      4.02% |       21634      3.09%      7.11% |       21664      3.10%     10.21% |       21672      3.10%     13.31% |       21647      3.09%     16.40% |       21645      3.09%     19.49% |       21656      3.10%     22.59% |       21648      3.09%     25.68% |       21663      3.10%     28.78% |       21667      3.10%     31.88% |       21661      3.10%     34.97% |       21689      3.10%     38.07% |       21663      3.10%     41.17% |       21664      3.10%     44.26% |       21646      3.09%     47.36% |       21650      3.09%     50.45% |       21675      3.10%     53.55% |       21669      3.10%     56.65% |       21665      3.10%     59.74% |       21670      3.10%     62.84% |       21659      3.10%     65.94% |       21675      3.10%     69.03% |       21667      3.10%     72.13% |       21672      3.10%     75.23% |       21672      3.10%     78.32% |       21679      3.10%     81.42% |       21673      3.10%     84.52% |       21675      3.10%     87.62% |       21681      3.10%     90.72% |       21651      3.09%     93.81% |       21657      3.10%     96.91% |       21647      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       699697                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15576      3.16%      3.16% |       15484      3.14%      6.30% |       15487      3.14%      9.45% |       15360      3.12%     12.56% |       15355      3.12%     15.68% |       15333      3.11%     18.79% |       15369      3.12%     21.91% |       15406      3.13%     25.04% |       15437      3.13%     28.17% |       15514      3.15%     31.32% |       15426      3.13%     34.45% |       15332      3.11%     37.56% |       15301      3.10%     40.66% |       15342      3.11%     43.78% |       15387      3.12%     46.90% |       15368      3.12%     50.02% |       15385      3.12%     53.14% |       15413      3.13%     56.27% |       15466      3.14%     59.40% |       15407      3.13%     62.53% |       15330      3.11%     65.64% |       15349      3.11%     68.76% |       15399      3.12%     71.88% |       15388      3.12%     75.00% |       15431      3.13%     78.14% |       15450      3.14%     81.27% |       15459      3.14%     84.41% |       15358      3.12%     87.52% |       15354      3.12%     90.64% |       15346      3.11%     93.75% |       15355      3.12%     96.87% |       15423      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       492790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1752      2.99%      2.99% |        1778      3.04%      6.03% |        1788      3.06%      9.09% |        1863      3.18%     12.27% |        1854      3.17%     15.44% |        1879      3.21%     18.65% |        1858      3.17%     21.82% |        1805      3.08%     24.91% |        1766      3.02%     27.93% |        1792      3.06%     30.99% |        1867      3.19%     34.18% |        1895      3.24%     37.42% |        1928      3.29%     40.71% |        1886      3.22%     43.93% |        1885      3.22%     47.15% |        1875      3.20%     50.36% |        1819      3.11%     53.47% |        1805      3.08%     56.55% |        1840      3.14%     59.69% |        1828      3.12%     62.82% |        1903      3.25%     66.07% |        1862      3.18%     69.25% |        1827      3.12%     72.37% |        1830      3.13%     75.50% |        1812      3.10%     78.60% |        1752      2.99%     81.59% |        1765      3.02%     84.61% |        1803      3.08%     87.69% |        1830      3.13%     90.81% |        1811      3.09%     93.91% |        1798      3.07%     96.98% |        1767      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        58523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         767      3.03%      3.03% |         767      3.03%      6.06% |         819      3.24%      9.30% |         776      3.07%     12.37% |         801      3.17%     15.53% |         843      3.33%     18.86% |         761      3.01%     21.87% |         787      3.11%     24.98% |         760      3.00%     27.99% |         758      3.00%     30.98% |         804      3.18%     34.16% |         793      3.13%     37.29% |         817      3.23%     40.52% |         801      3.17%     43.69% |         786      3.11%     46.79% |         779      3.08%     49.87% |         774      3.06%     52.93% |         795      3.14%     56.07% |         787      3.11%     59.19% |         809      3.20%     62.38% |         824      3.26%     65.64% |         817      3.23%     68.87% |         780      3.08%     71.95% |         757      2.99%     74.94% |         768      3.04%     77.98% |         771      3.05%     81.03% |         801      3.17%     84.19% |         797      3.15%     87.34% |         820      3.24%     90.58% |         829      3.28%     93.86% |         773      3.06%     96.91% |         781      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        25302                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      149918      5.79%      5.79% |       79827      3.09%      8.88% |       78362      3.03%     11.91% |       79342      3.07%     14.98% |       78354      3.03%     18.00% |       77566      3.00%     21.00% |       77784      3.01%     24.01% |       77527      3.00%     27.00% |       78116      3.02%     30.02% |       79221      3.06%     33.09% |       79915      3.09%     36.17% |       79240      3.06%     39.24% |       78650      3.04%     42.28% |       77242      2.99%     45.26% |       76713      2.97%     48.23% |       77052      2.98%     51.21% |       78421      3.03%     54.24% |       78267      3.03%     57.26% |       78984      3.05%     60.31% |       79036      3.05%     63.37% |       78432      3.03%     66.40% |       80691      3.12%     69.52% |       78676      3.04%     72.56% |       77954      3.01%     75.57% |       78151      3.02%     78.59% |       78719      3.04%     81.64% |       78581      3.04%     84.67% |       78208      3.02%     87.70% |       78292      3.03%     90.72% |       77590      3.00%     93.72% |       80389      3.11%     96.83% |       82043      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2587263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           4      5.48%      5.48% |           0      0.00%      5.48% |           1      1.37%      6.85% |           2      2.74%      9.59% |           3      4.11%     13.70% |           0      0.00%     13.70% |           0      0.00%     13.70% |           2      2.74%     16.44% |           3      4.11%     20.55% |           2      2.74%     23.29% |           3      4.11%     27.40% |           5      6.85%     34.25% |           2      2.74%     36.99% |           1      1.37%     38.36% |           1      1.37%     39.73% |           3      4.11%     43.84% |           0      0.00%     43.84% |           2      2.74%     46.58% |           6      8.22%     54.79% |           4      5.48%     60.27% |           2      2.74%     63.01% |           4      5.48%     68.49% |           0      0.00%     68.49% |           2      2.74%     71.23% |           4      5.48%     76.71% |           2      2.74%     79.45% |           2      2.74%     82.19% |           5      6.85%     89.04% |           1      1.37%     90.41% |           1      1.37%     91.78% |           1      1.37%     93.15% |           5      6.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           73                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          26      4.07%      4.07% |          33      5.16%      9.23% |          25      3.91%     13.15% |          15      2.35%     15.49% |          11      1.72%     17.21% |          18      2.82%     20.03% |          11      1.72%     21.75% |          19      2.97%     24.73% |          24      3.76%     28.48% |          21      3.29%     31.77% |          34      5.32%     37.09% |          13      2.03%     39.12% |           8      1.25%     40.38% |          19      2.97%     43.35% |          17      2.66%     46.01% |          21      3.29%     49.30% |          24      3.76%     53.05% |          13      2.03%     55.09% |          18      2.82%     57.90% |          26      4.07%     61.97% |          18      2.82%     64.79% |          23      3.60%     68.39% |          20      3.13%     71.52% |          18      2.82%     74.33% |          31      4.85%     79.19% |          21      3.29%     82.47% |          16      2.50%     84.98% |          19      2.97%     87.95% |          19      2.97%     90.92% |          23      3.60%     94.52% |          17      2.66%     97.18% |          18      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          639                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         112      3.18%      3.18% |         115      3.27%      6.45% |         105      2.98%      9.43% |          94      2.67%     12.10% |          95      2.70%     14.80% |          92      2.61%     17.41% |          96      2.73%     20.14% |         101      2.87%     23.00% |          98      2.78%     25.79% |         102      2.90%     28.69% |         130      3.69%     32.38% |         106      3.01%     35.39% |         109      3.10%     38.48% |         107      3.04%     41.52% |         121      3.44%     44.96% |         106      3.01%     47.97% |         106      3.01%     50.98% |         117      3.32%     54.30% |         103      2.93%     57.23% |          96      2.73%     59.95% |         122      3.46%     63.42% |         177      5.03%     68.45% |         130      3.69%     72.14% |         102      2.90%     75.04% |         101      2.87%     77.90% |         103      2.93%     80.83% |         114      3.24%     84.07% |         104      2.95%     87.02% |         113      3.21%     90.23% |         105      2.98%     93.21% |         122      3.46%     96.68% |         117      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         3521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     40.68%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |           0      0.00%     40.68% |          13     22.03%     62.71% |          12     20.34%     83.05% |          10     16.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.87%      0.87% |           0      0.00%      0.87% |           0      0.00%      0.87% |           0      0.00%      0.87% |           2      1.74%      2.61% |           0      0.00%      2.61% |           4      3.48%      6.09% |          24     20.87%     26.96% |           2      1.74%     28.70% |           1      0.87%     29.57% |           1      0.87%     30.43% |           2      1.74%     32.17% |           1      0.87%     33.04% |           0      0.00%     33.04% |           0      0.00%     33.04% |           0      0.00%     33.04% |           1      0.87%     33.91% |           0      0.00%     33.91% |          58     50.43%     84.35% |          11      9.57%     93.91% |           1      0.87%     94.78% |           1      0.87%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           2      1.74%     97.39% |           2      1.74%     99.13% |           1      0.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     96.43%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46146      3.64%      3.64% |       39456      3.11%      6.75% |       39482      3.11%      9.86% |       39415      3.11%     12.97% |       39379      3.10%     16.07% |       39371      3.10%     19.18% |       39404      3.11%     22.28% |       39438      3.11%     25.39% |       39418      3.11%     28.50% |       39474      3.11%     31.61% |       39497      3.11%     34.72% |       39432      3.11%     37.83% |       39439      3.11%     40.94% |       39425      3.11%     44.05% |       39464      3.11%     47.16% |       39413      3.11%     50.27% |       39419      3.11%     53.38% |       39418      3.11%     56.48% |       39479      3.11%     59.60% |       39398      3.11%     62.70% |       39409      3.11%     65.81% |       39497      3.11%     68.92% |       39421      3.11%     72.03% |       39374      3.10%     75.13% |       39483      3.11%     78.25% |       39477      3.11%     81.36% |       39475      3.11%     84.47% |       39368      3.10%     87.57% |       39440      3.11%     90.68% |       39401      3.11%     93.79% |       39406      3.11%     96.90% |       39382      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1268500                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          77     11.81%     11.81% |          31      4.75%     16.56% |          24      3.68%     20.25% |          14      2.15%     22.39% |          10      1.53%     23.93% |          16      2.45%     26.38% |          10      1.53%     27.91% |          18      2.76%     30.67% |          22      3.37%     34.05% |          20      3.07%     37.12% |          31      4.75%     41.87% |          13      1.99%     43.87% |           8      1.23%     45.09% |          19      2.91%     48.01% |          17      2.61%     50.61% |          21      3.22%     53.83% |          24      3.68%     57.52% |          12      1.84%     59.36% |          17      2.61%     61.96% |          26      3.99%     65.95% |          17      2.61%     68.56% |          19      2.91%     71.47% |          17      2.61%     74.08% |          18      2.76%     76.84% |          30      4.60%     81.44% |          20      3.07%     84.51% |          15      2.30%     86.81% |          17      2.61%     89.42% |          16      2.45%     91.87% |          21      3.22%     95.09% |          16      2.45%     97.55% |          16      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          652                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.32%      7.32% |           2      4.88%     12.20% |           1      2.44%     14.63% |           1      2.44%     17.07% |           1      2.44%     19.51% |           2      4.88%     24.39% |           1      2.44%     26.83% |           1      2.44%     29.27% |           2      4.88%     34.15% |           1      2.44%     36.59% |           3      7.32%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           1      2.44%     46.34% |           1      2.44%     48.78% |           0      0.00%     48.78% |           1      2.44%     51.22% |           4      9.76%     60.98% |           3      7.32%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           1      2.44%     70.73% |           1      2.44%     73.17% |           1      2.44%     75.61% |           2      4.88%     80.49% |           3      7.32%     87.80% |           2      4.88%     92.68% |           1      2.44%     95.12% |           2      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           41                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.35%      4.35% |          22     95.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           2     18.18%     45.45% |           4     36.36%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          16      3.12%      3.12% |          19      3.70%      6.82% |          19      3.70%     10.53% |          11      2.14%     12.67% |          14      2.73%     15.40% |          11      2.14%     17.54% |          16      3.12%     20.66% |          19      3.70%     24.37% |          17      3.31%     27.68% |          15      2.92%     30.60% |          17      3.31%     33.92% |           8      1.56%     35.48% |          12      2.34%     37.82% |           4      0.78%     38.60% |          18      3.51%     42.11% |          10      1.95%     44.05% |          14      2.73%     46.78% |          16      3.12%     49.90% |          18      3.51%     53.41% |          10      1.95%     55.36% |          38      7.41%     62.77% |          46      8.97%     71.73% |          15      2.92%     74.66% |          16      3.12%     77.78% |          12      2.34%     80.12% |          16      3.12%     83.24% |          19      3.70%     86.94% |           9      1.75%     88.69% |          11      2.14%     90.84% |          16      3.12%     93.96% |          16      3.12%     97.08% |          15      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          513                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          96      3.19%      3.19% |          96      3.19%      6.38% |          86      2.86%      9.24% |          83      2.76%     12.00% |          81      2.69%     14.69% |          81      2.69%     17.39% |          80      2.66%     20.05% |          82      2.73%     22.77% |          81      2.69%     25.47% |          87      2.89%     28.36% |         113      3.76%     32.11% |          98      3.26%     35.37% |          97      3.22%     38.60% |         103      3.42%     42.02% |         103      3.42%     45.45% |          96      3.19%     48.64% |          92      3.06%     51.70% |         101      3.36%     55.05% |          85      2.83%     57.88% |          86      2.86%     60.74% |          84      2.79%     63.53% |         131      4.36%     67.89% |         115      3.82%     71.71% |          86      2.86%     74.57% |          89      2.96%     77.53% |          87      2.89%     80.42% |          95      3.16%     83.58% |          95      3.16%     86.74% |         102      3.39%     90.13% |          89      2.96%     93.09% |         106      3.52%     96.61% |         102      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2492      3.06%      3.06% |        2535      3.12%      6.18% |        2530      3.11%      9.29% |        2628      3.23%     12.52% |        2607      3.20%     15.73% |        2648      3.26%     18.98% |        2595      3.19%     22.17% |        2548      3.13%     25.30% |        2428      2.98%     28.29% |        2432      2.99%     31.28% |        2511      3.09%     34.37% |        2583      3.18%     37.54% |        2602      3.20%     40.74% |        2574      3.16%     43.90% |        2529      3.11%     47.01% |        2537      3.12%     50.13% |        2456      3.02%     53.15% |        2437      3.00%     56.15% |        2437      3.00%     59.14% |        2477      3.05%     62.19% |        2569      3.16%     65.35% |        2590      3.18%     68.53% |        2541      3.12%     71.66% |        2557      3.14%     74.80% |        2514      3.09%     77.89% |        2538      3.12%     81.01% |        2463      3.03%     84.04% |        2562      3.15%     87.19% |        2602      3.20%     90.39% |        2633      3.24%     93.62% |        2612      3.21%     96.83% |        2575      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        81342                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2204      3.10%      3.10% |        2164      3.04%      6.15% |        2178      3.06%      9.21% |        2251      3.17%     12.38% |        2250      3.17%     15.54% |        2260      3.18%     18.72% |        2249      3.16%     21.89% |        2242      3.15%     25.04% |        2174      3.06%     28.10% |        2146      3.02%     31.12% |        2224      3.13%     34.25% |        2271      3.20%     37.44% |        2336      3.29%     40.73% |        2272      3.20%     43.93% |        2271      3.20%     47.12% |        2247      3.16%     50.28% |        2208      3.11%     53.39% |        2184      3.07%     56.46% |        2204      3.10%     59.56% |        2177      3.06%     62.63% |        2258      3.18%     65.80% |        2250      3.17%     68.97% |        2183      3.07%     72.04% |        2173      3.06%     75.10% |        2225      3.13%     78.23% |        2198      3.09%     81.32% |        2191      3.08%     84.40% |        2192      3.08%     87.49% |        2252      3.17%     90.66% |        2254      3.17%     93.83% |        2233      3.14%     96.97% |        2153      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        71074                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          16      1.83%      1.83% |          14      1.61%      3.44% |          37      4.24%      7.68% |          43      4.93%     12.61% |          33      3.78%     16.40% |          29      3.33%     19.72% |          36      4.13%     23.85% |          42      4.82%     28.67% |          42      4.82%     33.49% |          26      2.98%     36.47% |          33      3.78%     40.25% |          44      5.05%     45.30% |          40      4.59%     49.89% |          30      3.44%     53.33% |          40      4.59%     57.91% |          47      5.39%     63.30% |          37      4.24%     67.55% |          20      2.29%     69.84% |          22      2.52%     72.36% |          24      2.75%     75.11% |          23      2.64%     77.75% |          14      1.61%     79.36% |          26      2.98%     82.34% |          17      1.95%     84.29% |          17      1.95%     86.24% |           9      1.03%     87.27% |          26      2.98%     90.25% |          22      2.52%     92.78% |          21      2.41%     95.18% |          13      1.49%     96.67% |          20      2.29%     98.97% |           9      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total          872                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24688      4.23%      4.23% |       18102      3.10%      7.33% |       18098      3.10%     10.44% |       18019      3.09%     13.52% |       17999      3.08%     16.61% |       18008      3.09%     19.70% |       18011      3.09%     22.78% |       18000      3.09%     25.87% |       17999      3.08%     28.95% |       18086      3.10%     32.05% |       18091      3.10%     35.15% |       17990      3.08%     38.24% |       17988      3.08%     41.32% |       18008      3.09%     44.41% |       18027      3.09%     47.50% |       17981      3.08%     50.58% |       17976      3.08%     53.66% |       17982      3.08%     56.74% |       18046      3.09%     59.84% |       17998      3.08%     62.92% |       17999      3.08%     66.00% |       18056      3.09%     69.10% |       18050      3.09%     72.19% |       18004      3.09%     75.28% |       18055      3.09%     78.37% |       18044      3.09%     81.47% |       18038      3.09%     84.56% |       18000      3.09%     87.64% |       18050      3.09%     90.74% |       18007      3.09%     93.82% |       18000      3.09%     96.91% |       18036      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       583436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         487      3.17%      3.17% |         432      2.81%      5.98% |         462      3.01%      8.99% |         464      3.02%     12.01% |         464      3.02%     15.02% |         437      2.84%     17.87% |         466      3.03%     20.90% |         519      3.38%     24.28% |         489      3.18%     27.46% |         458      2.98%     30.44% |         492      3.20%     33.64% |         503      3.27%     36.91% |         528      3.44%     40.35% |         498      3.24%     43.59% |         520      3.38%     46.97% |         515      3.35%     50.33% |         517      3.36%     53.69% |         504      3.28%     56.97% |         503      3.27%     60.24% |         474      3.08%     63.33% |         461      3.00%     66.33% |         477      3.10%     69.43% |         451      2.93%     72.36% |         444      2.89%     75.25% |         492      3.20%     78.46% |         507      3.30%     81.75% |         501      3.26%     85.01% |         450      2.93%     87.94% |         471      3.06%     91.01% |         473      3.08%     94.09% |         476      3.10%     97.18% |         433      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15368                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1      1.32%      1.32% |           4      5.26%      6.58% |           3      3.95%     10.53% |           4      5.26%     15.79% |           1      1.32%     17.11% |           1      1.32%     18.42% |           3      3.95%     22.37% |           3      3.95%     26.32% |           3      3.95%     30.26% |           2      2.63%     32.89% |           2      2.63%     35.53% |           4      5.26%     40.79% |           1      1.32%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           1      1.32%     43.42% |           3      3.95%     47.37% |           3      3.95%     51.32% |           4      5.26%     56.58% |           5      6.58%     63.16% |           3      3.95%     67.11% |           1      1.32%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           2      2.63%     71.05% |           4      5.26%     76.32% |           4      5.26%     81.58% |           2      2.63%     84.21% |           3      3.95%     88.16% |           4      5.26%     93.42% |           1      1.32%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           2      2.63%     97.37% |           2      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           76                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.50% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.62% |       21988      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          22      2.92%      2.92% |          26      3.45%      6.37% |          24      3.19%      9.56% |          17      2.26%     11.82% |          25      3.32%     15.14% |          27      3.59%     18.73% |          21      2.79%     21.51% |          20      2.66%     24.17% |          20      2.66%     26.83% |          16      2.12%     28.95% |          31      4.12%     33.07% |          29      3.85%     36.92% |          23      3.05%     39.97% |          26      3.45%     43.43% |          29      3.85%     47.28% |          19      2.52%     49.80% |          20      2.66%     52.46% |          14      1.86%     54.32% |          32      4.25%     58.57% |          22      2.92%     61.49% |          15      1.99%     63.48% |          39      5.18%     68.66% |          34      4.52%     73.17% |          25      3.32%     76.49% |          23      3.05%     79.55% |          24      3.19%     82.74% |          29      3.85%     86.59% |          22      2.92%     89.51% |          18      2.39%     91.90% |          24      3.19%     95.09% |          22      2.92%     98.01% |          15      1.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           1      8.33%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           4     33.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2      1.49%      1.49% |           1      0.75%      2.24% |           6      4.48%      6.72% |           6      4.48%     11.19% |           3      2.24%     13.43% |           1      0.75%     14.18% |           2      1.49%     15.67% |           3      2.24%     17.91% |           1      0.75%     18.66% |          10      7.46%     26.12% |           4      2.99%     29.10% |           4      2.99%     32.09% |           3      2.24%     34.33% |           2      1.49%     35.82% |           7      5.22%     41.04% |           6      4.48%     45.52% |           2      1.49%     47.01% |           3      2.24%     49.25% |           6      4.48%     53.73% |           7      5.22%     58.96% |           3      2.24%     61.19% |           7      5.22%     66.42% |           5      3.73%     70.15% |           8      5.97%     76.12% |           5      3.73%     79.85% |           6      4.48%     84.33% |           5      3.73%     88.06% |           5      3.73%     91.79% |           3      2.24%     94.03% |           3      2.24%     96.27% |           1      0.75%     97.01% |           4      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total          134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      152735      5.70%      5.70% |       82630      3.09%      8.79% |       81195      3.03%     11.82% |       82178      3.07%     14.89% |       81215      3.03%     17.92% |       80505      3.01%     20.93% |       80616      3.01%     23.94% |       80339      3.00%     26.94% |       80857      3.02%     29.95% |       82000      3.06%     33.02% |       82842      3.09%     36.11% |       82132      3.07%     39.18% |       81603      3.05%     42.22% |       80156      2.99%     45.21% |       79611      2.97%     48.19% |       79925      2.98%     51.17% |       81228      3.03%     54.20% |       81093      3.03%     57.23% |       81804      3.05%     60.29% |       81878      3.06%     63.34% |       81387      3.04%     66.38% |       83661      3.12%     69.51% |       81525      3.04%     72.55% |       80753      3.02%     75.56% |       80955      3.02%     78.59% |       81465      3.04%     81.63% |       81373      3.04%     84.67% |       81022      3.03%     87.69% |       81171      3.03%     90.72% |       80461      3.00%     93.73% |       83202      3.11%     96.83% |       84826      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2678343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           3      0.76%      0.76% |           4      1.01%      1.77% |          13      3.28%      5.05% |           5      1.26%      6.31% |           9      2.27%      8.59% |           6      1.52%     10.10% |          15      3.79%     13.89% |          11      2.78%     16.67% |           7      1.77%     18.43% |           2      0.51%     18.94% |          13      3.28%     22.22% |          13      3.28%     25.51% |          19      4.80%     30.30% |          14      3.54%     33.84% |          15      3.79%     37.63% |          20      5.05%     42.68% |          14      3.54%     46.21% |           6      1.52%     47.73% |          17      4.29%     52.02% |          16      4.04%     56.06% |          20      5.05%     61.11% |          13      3.28%     64.39% |          18      4.55%     68.94% |          15      3.79%     72.73% |          15      3.79%     76.52% |          13      3.28%     79.80% |          17      4.29%     84.09% |          17      4.29%     88.38% |          11      2.78%     91.16% |           8      2.02%     93.18% |          19      4.80%     97.98% |           8      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1724      3.07%      3.07% |        1730      3.08%      6.14% |        1722      3.06%      9.21% |        1795      3.19%     12.40% |        1818      3.23%     15.63% |        1809      3.22%     18.85% |        1759      3.13%     21.98% |        1719      3.06%     25.04% |        1648      2.93%     27.97% |        1715      3.05%     31.02% |        1813      3.23%     34.25% |        1831      3.26%     37.50% |        1854      3.30%     40.80% |        1790      3.18%     43.98% |        1828      3.25%     47.24% |        1834      3.26%     50.50% |        1729      3.08%     53.57% |        1654      2.94%     56.52% |        1744      3.10%     59.62% |        1760      3.13%     62.75% |        1782      3.17%     65.92% |        1800      3.20%     69.12% |        1750      3.11%     72.23% |        1766      3.14%     75.38% |        1769      3.15%     78.52% |        1696      3.02%     81.54% |        1683      2.99%     84.53% |        1727      3.07%     87.61% |        1778      3.16%     90.77% |        1750      3.11%     93.88% |        1751      3.11%     97.00% |        1689      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        56217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          28      1.22%      1.22% |          48      2.08%      3.30% |          66      2.86%      6.16% |          68      2.95%      9.11% |          36      1.56%     10.68% |          70      3.04%     13.72% |          99      4.30%     18.01% |          86      3.73%     21.74% |         118      5.12%     26.87% |          77      3.34%     30.21% |          54      2.34%     32.55% |          64      2.78%     35.33% |          74      3.21%     38.54% |          96      4.17%     42.71% |          57      2.47%     45.18% |          41      1.78%     46.96% |          90      3.91%     50.87% |         151      6.55%     57.42% |          96      4.17%     61.59% |          68      2.95%     64.54% |         121      5.25%     69.79% |          62      2.69%     72.48% |          77      3.34%     75.82% |          64      2.78%     78.60% |          43      1.87%     80.47% |          54      2.34%     82.81% |          82      3.56%     86.37% |          76      3.30%     89.67% |          52      2.26%     91.93% |          61      2.65%     94.57% |          47      2.04%     96.61% |          78      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          28      1.22%      1.22% |          48      2.08%      3.30% |          66      2.86%      6.16% |          68      2.95%      9.11% |          36      1.56%     10.68% |          70      3.04%     13.72% |          99      4.30%     18.01% |          86      3.73%     21.74% |         118      5.12%     26.87% |          77      3.34%     30.21% |          54      2.34%     32.55% |          64      2.78%     35.33% |          74      3.21%     38.54% |          96      4.17%     42.71% |          57      2.47%     45.18% |          41      1.78%     46.96% |          90      3.91%     50.87% |         151      6.55%     57.42% |          96      4.17%     61.59% |          68      2.95%     64.54% |         121      5.25%     69.79% |          62      2.69%     72.48% |          77      3.34%     75.82% |          64      2.78%     78.60% |          43      1.87%     80.47% |          54      2.34%     82.81% |          82      3.56%     86.37% |          76      3.30%     89.67% |          52      2.26%     91.93% |          61      2.65%     94.57% |          47      2.04%     96.61% |          78      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           2      8.33%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           3     12.50%     25.00% |           1      4.17%     29.17% |           1      4.17%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      4.17%     37.50% |           1      4.17%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           1      4.17%     45.83% |           2      8.33%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           4     16.67%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           1      4.17%     75.00% |           3     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      4.17%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1724      3.07%      3.07% |        1730      3.08%      6.14% |        1722      3.06%      9.21% |        1795      3.19%     12.40% |        1818      3.23%     15.63% |        1809      3.22%     18.85% |        1759      3.13%     21.98% |        1719      3.06%     25.04% |        1648      2.93%     27.97% |        1715      3.05%     31.02% |        1813      3.22%     34.24% |        1831      3.26%     37.50% |        1854      3.30%     40.80% |        1790      3.18%     43.98% |        1828      3.25%     47.23% |        1834      3.26%     50.50% |        1729      3.08%     53.57% |        1654      2.94%     56.51% |        1744      3.10%     59.62% |        1760      3.13%     62.75% |        1782      3.17%     65.92% |        1800      3.20%     69.12% |        1750      3.11%     72.23% |        1766      3.14%     75.37% |        1769      3.15%     78.52% |        1698      3.02%     81.54% |        1683      2.99%     84.53% |        1727      3.07%     87.61% |        1778      3.16%     90.77% |        1750      3.11%     93.88% |        1751      3.11%     97.00% |        1689      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        56219                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      486969     20.34%     20.34% |     1196963     50.00%     70.34% |       83919      3.51%     73.85% |       87227      3.64%     77.49% |       78203      3.27%     80.76% |       87050      3.64%     84.39% |      103744      4.33%     88.73% |      113599      4.75%     93.47% |       77896      3.25%     96.73% |       78356      3.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2393926                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      486969     20.34%     20.34% |     1196963     50.00%     70.34% |       83919      3.51%     73.85% |       87227      3.64%     77.49% |       78203      3.27%     80.76% |       87050      3.64%     84.39% |      103744      4.33%     88.73% |      113599      4.75%     93.47% |       77896      3.25%     96.73% |       78356      3.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2393926                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      486969     20.34%     20.34% |     1196963     50.00%     70.34% |       83919      3.51%     73.85% |       87227      3.64%     77.49% |       78203      3.27%     80.76% |       87050      3.64%     84.39% |      103744      4.33%     88.73% |      113599      4.75%     93.47% |       77896      3.25%     96.73% |       78356      3.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2393926                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      486969     20.34%     20.34% |     1196963     50.00%     70.34% |       83919      3.51%     73.85% |       87227      3.64%     77.49% |       78203      3.27%     80.76% |       87050      3.64%     84.39% |      103744      4.33%     88.73% |      113599      4.75%     93.47% |       77896      3.25%     96.73% |       78356      3.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2393926                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
