
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093986                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93986369500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5270154448000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25887                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45566                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56120867                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5544160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1674.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    43354011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76309682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21073216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21073216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11912320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11912320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       329269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             329269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    224215661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            224215661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    126745187                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           126745187                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    350960849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           350960849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     329269                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186130                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   329269                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186130                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21070464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11912192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21073216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11912320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    43                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            20958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     4769                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     4805                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93985806500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               329269                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186130                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 146990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  30974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  25256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  19392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  15383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   7293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   6190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  5276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  4588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  4011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  5385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  31280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  33758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  34535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  34856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  34844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   4990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   4089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   7778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       133543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   246.974353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.748442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   207.521504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        34842     26.09%     26.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37531     28.10%     54.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41355     30.97%     85.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6628      4.96%     90.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4621      3.46%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2189      1.64%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1710      1.28%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1248      0.93%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3419      2.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       133543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.334861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.765402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31830     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           24      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        31855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.842976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.589146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.228985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          28281     88.78%     88.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2152      6.76%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          701      2.20%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          721      2.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        31855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 15250951388                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            21423938888                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1646130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    46323.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               65073.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      224.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      126.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   224.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   126.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.35                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  256559                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 125242                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                77.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    182355.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15239849000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3138200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    75605218000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              511343280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              498219120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              279006750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              271845750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1288864200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1278973800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604156320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601920720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6138319200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6138319200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        39299556015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38579814450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21914883750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22546236000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          70036129515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69915329040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          745.221407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          743.936026                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20649920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20649920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11491776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11491776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       322655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             322655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    219711859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            219711859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    122270666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           122270666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    341982525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           341982525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     322655                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179559                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   322655                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179559                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20648064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11491648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20649920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11491776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           19935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     2441                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     4536                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93985535500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               322655                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179559                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 143631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  28484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  23419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  19255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  15400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  10806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   9086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   6446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  5611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  2912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  30135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  32421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  33273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  33641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  33772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   4965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   4012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   7340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       125072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.964564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.406306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   211.783581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        31093     24.86%     24.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        32759     26.19%     51.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41184     32.93%     83.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6596      5.27%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4707      3.76%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2340      1.87%     94.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1763      1.41%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1205      0.96%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3425      2.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       125072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.514031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.977844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30661     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           18      0.06%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        30681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.852384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.593896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.243464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          27100     88.33%     88.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2176      7.09%     95.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          752      2.45%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          653      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        30681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 14619029189                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            20668266689                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1613130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    45312.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               64062.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      219.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      122.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   219.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   122.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  253651                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 123454                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               68.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    187142.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15447703000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3138200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    75397365000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              480112920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              465416280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              261966375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              253947375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1264083600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1252274400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583154640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580374720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6138319200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6138319200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38787612795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37828682415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22363956750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23205123750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69879206280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69724138140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          743.551661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          741.901654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20659456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20659456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11491968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11491968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       322804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             322804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    219813321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            219813321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    122272709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           122272709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    342086030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           342086030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     322804                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179562                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   322804                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179562                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20658496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11491904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20659456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11491968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           19952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     4311                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     4835                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93986228000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               322804                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179562                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 144146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  28132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  23804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  19289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  15234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   7389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  5386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  4640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  4936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  30063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  32344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  33233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  33625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  33692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   4812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   4036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   7757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       124632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   257.955453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.182622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   212.684605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30677     24.61%     24.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        32615     26.17%     50.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41375     33.20%     83.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6427      5.16%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4604      3.69%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2469      1.98%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1780      1.43%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1227      0.98%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3458      2.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       124632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.543399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.191272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30587     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           22      0.07%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        30611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.865898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.600939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.276268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26973     88.12%     88.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2193      7.16%     95.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          742      2.42%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          703      2.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        30611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 14891452236                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            20943745986                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1613945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    46133.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               64883.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      219.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      122.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   219.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   122.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  253630                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 124079                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    187087.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15485599750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3138200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    75356511500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              477739080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              464441040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              260671125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              253415250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1264489200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1253101200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583063920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580491360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6138319200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6138319200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38680052940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37763007300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22458307500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23262733500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69862642965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69715508850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          743.375418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          741.809834                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20630720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20630720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11490688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11490688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       322355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             322355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    219507574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            219507574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    122259090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           122259090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    341766664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           341766664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     322356                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179542                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   322356                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179542                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20630080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11490688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20630784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11490688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           19935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     2720                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     4108                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93985628000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               322356                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179542                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 143820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  28526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  23333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  18953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  15061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   9037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   6500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  5728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  3182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  30106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  32480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  33359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  33667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  33728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   4958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   4259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   6985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       124554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   257.879602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.339839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   211.944251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30580     24.55%     24.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        32724     26.27%     50.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41134     33.03%     83.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6616      5.31%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4771      3.83%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2353      1.89%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1696      1.36%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1251      1.00%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3429      2.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       124554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.510630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.487141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30643     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           22      0.07%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        30668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.854376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.595783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.243948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          27042     88.18%     88.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2234      7.28%     95.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          716      2.33%     97.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          676      2.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        30668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 14683076402                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            20727045152                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1611725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    45550.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               64300.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      219.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      122.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   219.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   122.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  253334                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 123989                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               69.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    187260.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15210581500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3138200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    75631664500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              476506800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              465091200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              259998750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              253770000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1262383200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1251775200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            582940800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580458960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6138319200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6138319200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38525481765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37739888955                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22593896250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23283012750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69839526765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69712316265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          743.129450                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          741.775863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1349                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1349                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4875                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              471124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16653560                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 56.365172                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                33.108651                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                96.025705                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    15182944     91.17%     91.17% |      668289      4.01%     95.18% |      363110      2.18%     97.36% |      244252      1.47%     98.83% |      130286      0.78%     99.61% |       38598      0.23%     99.84% |       23355      0.14%     99.98% |        2726      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16653560                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33356685                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.187229                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.910326                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.476419                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29730493     89.13%     89.13% |     1189530      3.57%     92.70% |      236692      0.71%     93.40% |      326831      0.98%     94.38% |      414341      1.24%     95.63% |      461533      1.38%     97.01% |      443421      1.33%     98.34% |      383292      1.15%     99.49% |      170552      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33356685                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33356682                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              27.259165                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.357169                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            104.494060                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    32949200     98.78%     98.78% |      363866      1.09%     99.87% |       38847      0.12%     99.99% |        3911      0.01%    100.00% |         605      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33356682                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30435362                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.014089                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.010806                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.171553                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    30189668     99.19%     99.19% |      110263      0.36%     99.56% |       93426      0.31%     99.86% |       36361      0.12%     99.98% |        5617      0.02%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30435362                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2921320                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        279.853087                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       204.916219                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       233.985095                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2513838     86.05%     86.05% |      363866     12.46%     98.51% |       38847      1.33%     99.84% |        3911      0.13%     99.97% |         605      0.02%     99.99% |         168      0.01%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2921320                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         589969                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       589969                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           42                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           32                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           20                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20433705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       687830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21121535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9440996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9564540                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       929414                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30860                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       319791                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718590                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54355                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       140506                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       527142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       667648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       234094                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       140259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       527389                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       667648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       232109                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits       140304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       527344                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       667648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       234608                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits       139592                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       528056                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       667648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       232752                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       110685                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       160102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        47145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        42732                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        89877                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        47636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        42851                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        90487                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        46958                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        42766                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        89724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        46290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        42788                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        89078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        45911                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        42826                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        88737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        44768                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        42816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        87584                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        45002                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        42790                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        87792                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        46350                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        42821                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        89171                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        45935                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        42828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        88763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        45988                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        42834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        88822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        45768                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        42768                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        88536                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        45440                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        42768                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        88208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        45341                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        42815                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        88156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        48162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        42883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        91045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        45918                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        42842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        88760                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        45121                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        42761                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        87882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        45462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        42813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        88275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        45960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        42853                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        88813                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        45219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        42822                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        88041                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        46263                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        42699                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        88962                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        46142                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        42775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        88917                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        46951                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        42742                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        89693                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        46514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        42701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        89215                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        49509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        42734                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        92243                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        50423                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        42730                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        93153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        45736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        42652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        88388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        45958                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        42675                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        88633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        45564                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        42693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        88257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        44756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        42758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        87514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        45144                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        42720                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        87864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        47836                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        42793                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        90629                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          614                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18281702                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18281702                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18936277                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18281701                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8949381                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8861733                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18281700                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097257                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12439211                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12439211                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13254246                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12439211                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7185132                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7046139                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12439211                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.066176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     11305735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     11305735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12262022                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11305735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5443651                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5342915                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     11305735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.060146                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     10923918                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     10923918                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11910759                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10923918                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5428349                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5332846                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     10923918                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.058114                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     11040632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     11040632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12220397                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11040632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5759557                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5606344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     11040632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.058735                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     11469344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     11469344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12767063                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11469344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6019710                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5833096                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     11469344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.061016                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7720320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7720320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8071724                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7720320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2916422                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2844392                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7720320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041071                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6122337                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6122337                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6478695                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6122337                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2407383                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2339325                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6122337                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.032570                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3637957                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3637957                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3682716                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3637957                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1782397                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1780529                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3637957                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.019354                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4065437                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4065437                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4119671                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4065437                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2153696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2150829                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4065437                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.021628                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3118191                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3118191                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3174029                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3118191                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1348536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1346175                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3118191                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.016589                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3861216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3861216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3898323                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3861216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1832998                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1831984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3861216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.020541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4509220                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4509220                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4563579                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4509220                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2297658                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2295572                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4509220                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023989                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3328955                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3328955                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3367685                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3328955                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1406816                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1405699                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3328955                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.017710                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1970982                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1970982                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2005938                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1970982                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       829560                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       827470                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1970982                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.010485                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3452340                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3452340                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3572633                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3452340                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1407465                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1394176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3452340                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.018366                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4351685                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4351685                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4406037                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4351685                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1664664                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1659733                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4351685                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023151                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3839051                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3839051                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3886772                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3839051                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1500476                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1497751                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3839051                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020423                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3647811                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3647811                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3735899                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3647811                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1490285                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1483699                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3647811                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.019406                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1988675                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1988675                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2065579                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1988675                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       838763                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       834399                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1988675                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010580                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1980655                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1980655                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1986927                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1980655                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1000817                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1000687                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1980655                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010537                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2366384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2366384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2377487                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2366384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1275757                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1274900                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2366384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012589                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1940725                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1940725                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1953753                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1940725                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       929045                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       929017                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1940725                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.010325                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1299086                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1299086                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1299086                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1299086                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       581022                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581022                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1299086                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.006911                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1931823                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1931823                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1937719                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1931823                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       951594                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       951455                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1931823                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010277                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2325674                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2325674                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2336681                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2325674                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1249901                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1248990                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2325674                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012372                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1924463                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1924463                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1937394                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1924463                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       915670                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       915647                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1924463                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.010238                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1305503                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1305503                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1305503                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1305503                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       583104                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       583103                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1305503                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.006945                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7893729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7893729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8352921                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7893729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3598028                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3572345                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7893729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.041994                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      8152988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      8152988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8492408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8152988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3706571                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3693432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      8152988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.043373                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7522757                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7522757                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8128813                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7522757                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3065369                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2984057                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7522757                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.040020                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      7845797                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      7845797                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8338511                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7845797                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3189073                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3141473                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      7845797                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.041739                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12936227     28.61%     28.61% |    29365678     64.96%     93.57% |     2906263      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     45208168                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12936229     28.61%     28.61% |    29365679     64.96%     93.57% |     2906263      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     45208171                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   421820106                       |   789137910                       |    69107361                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   850371070                       |   138378710                       |     2907849                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.607661                       |   26.872797                       |   23.778771                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   65.735633                       |    4.712260                       |    1.000546                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.314914                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    21.935364                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         50.250278                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003848                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.083228      7.02%      7.02% |    0.082781      6.98%     14.01% |    0.082692      6.98%     20.99% |    0.082339      6.95%     27.93% |    0.193471     16.32%     44.26% |    0.193410     16.32%     60.58% |    0.193308     16.31%     76.89% |    0.193331     16.31%     93.20% |    0.020138      1.70%     94.90% |    0.020144      1.70%     96.60% |    0.020145      1.70%     98.30% |    0.020145      1.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.185132                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029520                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023081                       |    0.000000                       |    0.011486                       |    0.011510                       |    0.011536                       |    0.011454                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006120                       |    0.003669                       |    0.003618                       |    0.003650                       |    0.003623                       |    0.003627                       |    0.003618                       |    0.003596                       |    0.003607                       |    0.003686                       |    0.003689                       |    0.003663                       |    0.003644                       |    0.003627                       |    0.003593                       |    0.003599                       |    0.003641                       |    0.003628                       |    0.003632                       |    0.003625                       |    0.003613                       |    0.003705                       |    0.003631                       |    0.003603                       |    0.003615                       |    0.003633                       |    0.003611                       |    0.003633                       |    0.003635                       |    0.003654                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003769                       |    0.010501                       |    0.010288                       |    0.010293                       |    0.010279                       |    0.000128                       |           0                       |    0.002333                       |    0.005477                       |    0.000780                       |    0.000797                       |    0.000777                       |    0.000790                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003315                       |    0.000130                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003351                       |           0                       |    0.003305                       |           0                       |    0.005365                       |    0.007348                       |    0.003335                       |           0                       |    0.003324                       |    0.007329                       |           0                       |    0.010663                       |    0.012058                       |    0.008620                       |    0.016775                       |    0.003314                       |    0.000780                       |    0.015379                       |    0.013403                       |    0.010495                       |    0.016801                       |    0.003334                       |    0.000797                       |    0.016331                       |    0.014606                       |    0.006245                       |           0                       |    0.003318                       |    0.007118                       |           0                       |    0.012806                       |    0.010621                       |    0.009510                       |           0                       |    0.003336                       |           0                       |    0.007279                       |    0.005309                       |    0.004618                       |           0                       |    0.003314                       |           0                       |    0.003615                       |    0.003348                       |           0                       |    0.003386                       |           0                       |    0.001431                       |    0.003705                       |    0.004068                       |           0                       |    0.003350                       |           0                       |    0.001342                       |    0.005469                       |    0.007391                       |    0.004075                       |    0.016802                       |    0.003313                       |    0.000777                       |    0.005131                       |    0.010902                       |    0.016753                       |    0.005059                       |    0.025315                       |    0.005103                       |    0.002333                       |    0.015873                       |    0.017767                       |    0.025507                       |    0.005360                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003344                       |    0.005477                       |    0.015948                       |    0.017618                       |    0.018461                       |    0.005329                       |    0.016818                       |    0.003308                       |    0.000790                       |    0.007547                       |    0.015772                       |    0.010812                       |    0.005969                       |           0                       |    0.003331                       |           0                       |    0.002642                       |    0.007277                       |    0.005392                       |    0.005347                       |           0                       |    0.003323                       |           0                       |    0.001352                       |    0.003633                       |    0.004064                       |           0                       |    0.003322                       |           0                       |    0.000064                       |    0.003631                       |    0.003308                       |           0                       |    0.003353                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002626                       |    0.007320                       |    0.003290                       |           0                       |    0.003408                       |    0.007120                       |           0                       |    0.009021                       |    0.005194                       |    0.011983                       |    0.003294                       |           0                       |    0.003313                       |           0                       |    0.020858                       |    0.006925                       |    0.006647                       |    0.003328                       |           0                       |    0.003301                       |           0                       |    0.009505                       |    0.010465                       |    0.005990                       |    0.003310                       |           0                       |    0.003404                       |    0.007115                       |           0                       |    0.009897                       |    0.012873                       |    0.005125                       |    0.003325                       |           0                       |    0.003306                       |           0                       |    0.001282                       |    0.007238                       |    0.002563                       |    0.003322                       |           0                       |    0.003315                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003611                       |    0.003312                       |           0                       |    0.003308                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003603                       |           0                       |    0.003290                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007196                       |           0                       |    0.003294                       |           0                       |    0.006688                       |           0                       |    0.008384                       |           0                       |    0.003328                       |           0                       |    0.009645                       |    0.004278                       |    0.005899                       |           0                       |    0.003310                       |           0                       |    0.004126                       |    0.007797                       |    0.005191                       |           0                       |    0.003325                       |           0                       |    0.008495                       |    0.007586                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003322                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007258                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003312                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003633                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.185132                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8128574                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8128574                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343281                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5868253                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5340144                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     91.000575                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          615778                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30788                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13285597                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73221                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14866275                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138499                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13358818                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        15004774                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  28151872                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211720                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              28363592                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9571476                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9550                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9581026                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9571476                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9550                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9581026                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                184223039                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31744320                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50141986                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8128574                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5955922                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             147316123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141924                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       281179                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       331571                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9570871                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189467                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    180388375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.710991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        162203073     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1857413      1.03%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2575931      1.43%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           724426      0.40%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3967419      2.20%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1030156      0.57%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1485804      0.82%     96.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           411803      0.23%     96.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6132350      3.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    180388375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044124                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.272181                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11539860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     156167377                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6117376                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6170987                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392768                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       87471621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392768                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14048894                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        95320794                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10679154                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9532640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      50414118                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       85903664                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5383319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     91228190                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     203275127                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    129098889                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      80060642                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11167520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292636                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296346                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40518340                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7102611                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     15181988                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1663378                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1438113                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           84353992                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       571785                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          88299869                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270831                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8347107                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13318666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96414                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    180388375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144725241     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14663031      8.13%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7303334      4.05%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4657015      2.58%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3750769      2.08%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2598144      1.44%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023743      1.12%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413913      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253185      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    180388375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104520     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784992     77.89%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118362     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338367      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59712520     67.62%     68.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43654      0.05%     68.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13108772     14.85%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15044493     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       88299869                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.479310                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007874                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011414                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    358266537                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     93280532                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     80948307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       88969235                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1797160                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2681                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8190                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557232                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7590014                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392768                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5411857                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84159160                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     84925777                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98505                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7102611                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15181988                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       562930                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         103500                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8190                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123980                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406533                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      87688622                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12918206                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400508                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27801416                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6804944                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14883210                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.475992                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               81049026                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              80948412                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          42205780                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          67210112                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.439404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.627968                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8532696                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       475371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356590                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    178975400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    150766421     84.24%     84.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12163512      6.80%     91.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6739656      3.77%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2518226      1.41%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1522299      0.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1059194      0.59%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508694      0.28%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904337      0.51%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2793061      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    178975400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     43354010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       76309679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20517846                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5893098                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6360591                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          75908573                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       537628                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147657      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     55551071     72.80%     72.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42340      0.06%     73.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5893098      7.72%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14624748     19.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     76309679                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2793061                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            260892181                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           171108390                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85181                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3834664                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            43354010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              76309679                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.249273                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.249273                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.235334                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.235334                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        133872234                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        58871031                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32252682                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25978433                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41715011                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289279                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               6173966000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            6173965999.999997                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8235910                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        84.758128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       42.892160                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      129.824713                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6775819     82.27%     82.27% |      657816      7.99%     90.26% |      363058      4.41%     94.67% |      244252      2.97%     97.63% |      130286      1.58%     99.21% |       38598      0.47%     99.68% |       23355      0.28%     99.97% |        2726      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8235910                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8230253                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        28.653110                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.742842                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       13.931115                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8064062     97.98%     97.98% |      155666      1.89%     99.87% |        9894      0.12%     99.99% |         579      0.01%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8230253                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        187397                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.604044                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.885833                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        8.966230                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        3029      1.62%      1.62% |       19994     10.67%     12.29% |       63415     33.84%     46.13% |       45963     24.53%     70.65% |       42983     22.94%     93.59% |       10771      5.75%     99.34% |        1115      0.59%     99.93% |         116      0.06%     99.99% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          187397                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8219792                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           66.905525                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           7.620165                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         169.603459                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     7920426     96.36%     96.36% |      265220      3.23%     99.58% |       30524      0.37%     99.96% |        2924      0.04%     99.99% |         478      0.01%    100.00% |         146      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8219792                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6433638                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.049658                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.037722                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.329936                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6261286     97.32%     97.32% |       70886      1.10%     98.42% |       61362      0.95%     99.38% |       34561      0.54%     99.91% |        5527      0.09%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6433638                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1786154                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     296.911188                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    209.238723                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    254.531821                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1486788     83.24%     83.24% |      265220     14.85%     98.09% |       30524      1.71%     99.80% |        2924      0.16%     99.96% |         478      0.03%     99.99% |         146      0.01%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1786154                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15343984                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           20.725289                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.979920                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          83.674030                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15236198     99.30%     99.30% |       98321      0.64%     99.94% |        8319      0.05%     99.99% |         986      0.01%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15343984                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14347245                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.007613                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.006073                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.113436                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14274003     99.49%     99.49% |       39277      0.27%     99.76% |       32064      0.22%     99.99% |        1800      0.01%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14347245                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       996739                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     275.756797                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    226.028533                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    195.499824                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      888953     89.19%     89.19% |       98321      9.86%     99.05% |        8319      0.83%     99.89% |         986      0.10%     99.98% |         127      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        996739                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9564538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.082315                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.127946                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.657581                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9561707     99.97%     99.97% |        2566      0.03%    100.00% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9564538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9440996                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000325                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9440995    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9440996                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123542                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.792095                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.093455                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.923501                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120711     97.71%     97.71% |        2566      2.08%     99.79% |         232      0.19%     99.97% |          28      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123542                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227064                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.978702                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741894                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.282426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223089     98.25%     98.25% |        3061      1.35%     99.60% |         779      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227064                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212207                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212108     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212207                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14857                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.650939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.706257                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.630292                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.24%     73.24% |        3061     20.60%     93.85% |         779      5.24%     99.09% |          70      0.47%     99.56% |          29      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.95% |           7      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14857                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       369362                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7044488                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        69146                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   180890                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   183097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   179026                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   182379                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 486790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 484583                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 488654                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 485301                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   439463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   436021                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   440653                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   436895                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               667680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               667680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               667680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               667680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6622628                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6392596                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 6584463                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6404905                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  487456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  487456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  487456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  487456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                 180224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                 180224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                 180224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                 180224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               118891                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               121397                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               117630                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               121262                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             368565                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             366059                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             369826                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             366194                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               61999                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               61700                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               61396                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               61117                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses            118225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses            118524                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses            118828                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses            119107                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      256                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      256                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      256                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      256                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               12235414                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               12206343                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               12208136                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               12182768                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    4096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    4096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    4096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    4096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               6663194                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               6580503                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               6552704                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               6436759                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles           19552855                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles           19642973                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles           19650037                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles           19782652                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2969785                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2898836                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2925808                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2882578                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          6663194                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          6580503                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          6552704                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          6436759                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time      10486552                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time      10486546                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time      10486543                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time      10486537                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2967159                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2897728                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2925808                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2881462                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            9188334                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            9075347                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            9086983                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8959624                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11022271                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         10890628                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         10863048                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         10878857                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             92030                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             92743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             92332                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             92257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             17296                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             17519                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             17065                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             17266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             37006                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             39386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             36423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             38646                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         2098459                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1963574                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         2117923                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         2055688                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      329244     25.38%     25.38% |      322655     24.88%     50.26% |      322804     24.89%     75.15% |      322356     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1297059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180313     25.70%     25.70% |      173738     24.77%     50.47% |      173736     24.77%     75.24% |      173715     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701502                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      329269     25.39%     25.39% |      322655     24.88%     50.26% |      322804     24.89%     75.15% |      322355     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1297083                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186130     25.68%     25.68% |      179559     24.77%     50.45% |      179562     24.77%     75.23% |      179542     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724793                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      140739     25.01%     25.01% |      140725     25.00%     50.01% |      140876     25.03%     75.04% |      140449     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       562789                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      329244     25.38%     25.38% |      322655     24.88%     50.26% |      322804     24.89%     75.15% |      322356     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1297059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180077     25.70%     25.70% |      173559     24.77%     50.47% |      173562     24.77%     75.23% |      173542     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700740                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      140739     25.01%     25.01% |      140725     25.00%     50.01% |      140876     25.03%     75.04% |      140449     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       562789                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      329244     25.38%     25.38% |      322655     24.88%     50.26% |      322804     24.89%     75.15% |      322355     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1297058                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180077     25.70%     25.70% |      173559     24.77%     50.47% |      173562     24.77%     75.23% |      173542     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700740                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6271067     75.74%     75.74% |          18      0.00%     75.74% |      501467      6.06%     81.80% |      502603      6.07%     87.87% |      501591      6.06%     93.93% |      502795      6.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8279541                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9564596    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9564596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14851566     95.24%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |      185327      1.19%     96.43% |      185312      1.19%     97.62% |      185354      1.19%     98.81% |      185594      1.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15593153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       16845     15.38%     15.38% |          18      0.02%     15.40% |       23651     21.60%     37.00% |       23389     21.36%     58.35% |       23095     21.09%     79.44% |       22513     20.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       109511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      807083     25.73%     25.73% |           0      0.00%     25.73% |      580909     18.52%     44.25% |      583946     18.62%     62.87% |      580827     18.52%     81.39% |      583670     18.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3136435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9639     26.56%     26.56% |        9072     24.99%     51.55% |        9272     25.54%     77.09% |        8314     22.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        36297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10751     25.85%     25.86% |       10721     25.78%     51.63% |       10942     26.31%     77.94% |        9173     22.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        41589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      188421     11.31%     11.31% |          16      0.00%     11.31% |      365907     21.97%     33.28% |      370325     22.23%     55.51% |      370449     22.24%     77.75% |      370535     22.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1665653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |       11369     27.34%     27.34% |        9603     23.09%     50.43% |       10107     24.30%     74.73% |       10508     25.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        41589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622929     51.31%     51.31% |           0      0.00%     51.31% |      149866     12.34%     63.65% |      147461     12.15%     75.80% |      146788     12.09%     87.89% |      147013     12.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1214057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      684918     26.39%     26.39% |           0      0.00%     26.39% |      473488     18.24%     44.63% |      478092     18.42%     63.05% |      478223     18.42%     81.47% |      481002     18.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2595723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      188066     10.53%     10.53% |           9      0.00%     10.53% |      398906     22.34%     32.88% |      399502     22.38%     55.25% |      399080     22.35%     77.61% |      399810     22.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1785373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120999    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498915     49.33%     49.33% |           0      0.00%     49.33% |      128165     12.67%     62.00% |      127887     12.64%     74.64% |      128261     12.68%     87.33% |      128194     12.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1011422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051     10.66%     10.66% |           0      0.00%     10.66% |       23651     22.81%     33.46% |       23389     22.55%     56.02% |       23095     22.27%     78.29% |       22513     21.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       103699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         773     98.85%     98.85% |           9      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2545    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          55     30.39%     30.39% |           0      0.00%     30.39% |          71     39.23%     69.61% |           0      0.00%     69.61% |           3      1.66%     71.27% |          52     28.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1662      4.42%      4.42% |           0      0.00%      4.42% |        9516     25.29%     29.71% |        9025     23.98%     53.69% |        9211     24.48%     78.17% |        8214     21.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        37628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     38.38%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |        2886     13.50%     51.88% |        3481     16.28%     68.16% |        3685     17.23%     85.39% |        3123     14.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        21382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9440996    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9440996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3455     99.94%     99.94% |           2      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120377     42.78%     42.78% |           0      0.00%     42.78% |       43555     15.48%     58.26% |       39760     14.13%     72.39% |       39395     14.00%     86.40% |       38276     13.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       281363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3235130     90.51%     90.51% |           0      0.00%     90.51% |       85632      2.40%     92.91% |       84441      2.36%     95.27% |       84659      2.37%     97.64% |       84491      2.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3574353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35534    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2101     99.24%     99.24% |          16      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      150659      9.50%      9.50% |           0      0.00%      9.50% |      355096     22.39%     31.89% |      359491     22.67%     54.56% |      359434     22.66%     77.22% |      361283     22.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1585963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10612     25.78%     25.78% |       10645     25.86%     51.64% |       10831     26.31%     77.95% |        9076     22.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        41164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2837903    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2837903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14316931     98.57%     98.57% |           0      0.00%     98.57% |       51988      0.36%     98.92% |       52337      0.36%     99.28% |       51960      0.36%     99.64% |       51978      0.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14525194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         238    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534259     52.91%     52.91% |           0      0.00%     52.91% |      118392     11.72%     64.63% |      118601     11.75%     76.38% |      118789     11.76%     88.14% |      119719     11.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1009760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9638     26.56%     26.56% |        9072     25.00%     51.55% |        9269     25.54%     77.09% |        8313     22.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        36292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      0.07%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |       41362     24.45%     24.52% |       44011     26.02%     50.54% |       40947     24.21%     74.74% |       42728     25.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       169167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      188421     11.31%     11.31% |          16      0.00%     11.31% |      365907     21.97%     33.28% |      370325     22.23%     55.51% |      370449     22.24%     77.75% |      370535     22.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1665653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |       11369     27.34%     27.34% |        9603     23.09%     50.43% |       10107     24.30%     74.73% |       10508     25.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        41589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123959     61.23%     61.23% |           0      0.00%     61.23% |       21630     10.68%     71.91% |       19574      9.67%     81.58% |       18524      9.15%     90.73% |       18767      9.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       202454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           7      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       12988     24.71%     24.73% |       13058     24.85%     49.57% |       13051     24.83%     74.41% |       13450     25.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        52554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498970     49.32%     49.32% |           0      0.00%     49.32% |      128236     12.68%     62.00% |      127887     12.64%     74.64% |      128264     12.68%     87.32% |      128246     12.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1011603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         988      1.65%      1.65% |           0      0.00%      1.65% |       14042     23.50%     25.16% |       15179     25.41%     50.57% |       14166     23.71%     74.28% |       15367     25.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total        59742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         110      0.53%      0.53% |           0      0.00%      0.53% |        5103     24.53%     25.06% |        5088     24.46%     49.52% |        5130     24.66%     74.18% |        5370     25.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total        20801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     60.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         139     32.86%     32.86% |          76     17.97%     50.83% |         111     26.24%     77.07% |          97     22.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      684918     26.39%     26.39% |           0      0.00%     26.39% |      473348     18.24%     44.63% |      478016     18.42%     63.05% |      478109     18.42%     81.47% |      480904     18.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2595295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         140     32.71%     32.71% |          76     17.76%     50.47% |         114     26.64%     77.10% |          98     22.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          428                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3857      3.12%      3.12% |        3690      2.98%      6.11% |        3430      2.77%      8.88% |        3496      2.83%     11.71% |        3476      2.81%     14.52% |        3974      3.21%     17.73% |        3701      2.99%     20.73% |        3314      2.68%     23.41% |        3511      2.84%     26.25% |        5111      4.13%     30.38% |        3876      3.14%     33.52% |        3794      3.07%     36.59% |        3486      2.82%     39.41% |        4386      3.55%     42.96% |        3833      3.10%     46.06% |        3780      3.06%     49.11% |        4116      3.33%     52.44% |        4152      3.36%     55.80% |        3656      2.96%     58.76% |        3336      2.70%     61.46% |        3072      2.49%     63.94% |        3737      3.02%     66.97% |        3515      2.84%     69.81% |        3357      2.72%     72.53% |        3601      2.91%     75.44% |        3723      3.01%     78.45% |        3239      2.62%     81.07% |        4612      3.73%     84.80% |        3991      3.23%     88.03% |        5243      4.24%     92.27% |        5111      4.13%     96.41% |        4443      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123619                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      115779      6.48%      6.48% |       54775      3.07%      9.55% |       53594      3.00%     12.55% |       54360      3.04%     15.59% |       53760      3.01%     18.60% |       53637      3.00%     21.60% |       53212      2.98%     24.58% |       53224      2.98%     27.56% |       53261      2.98%     30.54% |       53687      3.00%     33.54% |       55589      3.11%     36.65% |       54827      3.07%     39.72% |       54269      3.04%     42.76% |       53451      2.99%     45.75% |       52874      2.96%     48.71% |       53071      2.97%     51.68% |       54001      3.02%     54.70% |       53561      3.00%     57.70% |       53794      3.01%     60.71% |       53886      3.02%     63.73% |       53946      3.02%     66.75% |       55078      3.08%     69.83% |       54087      3.03%     72.86% |       53257      2.98%     75.84% |       53415      2.99%     78.83% |       53884      3.02%     81.84% |       53410      2.99%     84.83% |       53078      2.97%     87.81% |       53813      3.01%     90.82% |       53250      2.98%     93.80% |       53876      3.02%     96.81% |       56942      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1786648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       40470      4.00%      4.00% |       31423      3.11%      7.11% |       31186      3.08%     10.19% |       31365      3.10%     13.29% |       31164      3.08%     16.37% |       31033      3.07%     19.44% |       31354      3.10%     22.54% |       31012      3.07%     25.60% |       31101      3.07%     28.68% |       31837      3.15%     31.82% |       31055      3.07%     34.89% |       31116      3.08%     37.97% |       31346      3.10%     41.07% |       30914      3.06%     44.12% |       30886      3.05%     47.18% |       30961      3.06%     50.24% |       31071      3.07%     53.31% |       31067      3.07%     56.38% |       31385      3.10%     59.48% |       31332      3.10%     62.58% |       31185      3.08%     65.66% |       32318      3.19%     68.86% |       31178      3.08%     71.94% |       31292      3.09%     75.03% |       31270      3.09%     78.12% |       31227      3.09%     81.21% |       31401      3.10%     84.31% |       31286      3.09%     87.40% |       31131      3.08%     90.48% |       31228      3.09%     93.57% |       33282      3.29%     96.86% |       31780      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1011656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      149958      5.78%      5.78% |       80104      3.09%      8.86% |       78721      3.03%     11.89% |       79739      3.07%     14.97% |       78940      3.04%     18.01% |       78631      3.03%     21.03% |       78633      3.03%     24.06% |       78193      3.01%     27.08% |       78348      3.02%     30.09% |       79501      3.06%     33.16% |       80485      3.10%     36.26% |       79776      3.07%     39.33% |       79397      3.06%     42.39% |       78064      3.01%     45.39% |       77360      2.98%     48.37% |       77596      2.99%     51.36% |       78513      3.02%     54.39% |       78140      3.01%     57.40% |       78550      3.03%     60.42% |       78743      3.03%     63.46% |       78394      3.02%     66.48% |       80786      3.11%     69.59% |       78572      3.03%     72.61% |       78013      3.00%     75.62% |       78078      3.01%     78.63% |       78612      3.03%     81.65% |       78264      3.01%     84.67% |       78056      3.01%     87.68% |       78496      3.02%     90.70% |       78167      3.01%     93.71% |       80812      3.11%     96.82% |       82495      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2596137                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           1      6.67%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           1      6.67%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1      6.67%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           1      6.67%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           5     33.33%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28185      4.02%      4.02% |       21679      3.09%      7.12% |       21695      3.10%     10.21% |       21689      3.10%     13.31% |       21671      3.09%     16.40% |       21676      3.09%     19.50% |       21678      3.09%     22.59% |       21687      3.10%     25.69% |       21698      3.10%     28.78% |       21698      3.10%     31.88% |       21712      3.10%     34.98% |       21700      3.10%     38.08% |       21679      3.09%     41.17% |       21685      3.10%     44.27% |       21673      3.09%     47.36% |       21679      3.09%     50.45% |       21707      3.10%     53.55% |       21693      3.10%     56.65% |       21696      3.10%     59.74% |       21697      3.10%     62.84% |       21681      3.09%     65.94% |       21704      3.10%     69.03% |       21698      3.10%     72.13% |       21696      3.10%     75.23% |       21710      3.10%     78.33% |       21703      3.10%     81.42% |       21705      3.10%     84.52% |       21689      3.10%     87.62% |       21702      3.10%     90.72% |       21681      3.09%     93.81% |       21685      3.10%     96.90% |       21685      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17727      3.15%      3.15% |       17598      3.13%      6.28% |       17637      3.13%      9.41% |       17579      3.12%     12.53% |       17564      3.12%     15.65% |       17543      3.12%     18.77% |       17580      3.12%     21.89% |       17593      3.13%     25.02% |       17577      3.12%     28.14% |       17605      3.13%     31.27% |       17665      3.14%     34.40% |       17573      3.12%     37.53% |       17618      3.13%     40.66% |       17603      3.13%     43.78% |       17625      3.13%     46.91% |       17562      3.12%     50.03% |       17565      3.12%     53.15% |       17577      3.12%     56.28% |       17602      3.13%     59.40% |       17532      3.11%     62.52% |       17579      3.12%     65.64% |       17649      3.14%     68.78% |       17598      3.13%     71.90% |       17532      3.11%     75.02% |       17576      3.12%     78.14% |       17614      3.13%     81.27% |       17616      3.13%     84.40% |       17527      3.11%     87.51% |       17577      3.12%     90.63% |       17576      3.12%     93.76% |       17573      3.12%     96.88% |       17571      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       562913                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47023      3.63%      3.63% |       40325      3.11%      6.73% |       40378      3.11%      9.85% |       40314      3.11%     12.96% |       40279      3.11%     16.06% |       40264      3.10%     19.17% |       40304      3.11%     22.27% |       40326      3.11%     25.38% |       40321      3.11%     28.49% |       40350      3.11%     31.60% |       40422      3.12%     34.72% |       40318      3.11%     37.83% |       40342      3.11%     40.94% |       40333      3.11%     44.05% |       40343      3.11%     47.16% |       40286      3.11%     50.26% |       40317      3.11%     53.37% |       40316      3.11%     56.48% |       40344      3.11%     59.59% |       40275      3.11%     62.69% |       40306      3.11%     65.80% |       40400      3.11%     68.92% |       40342      3.11%     72.03% |       40273      3.10%     75.13% |       40332      3.11%     78.24% |       40364      3.11%     81.35% |       40367      3.11%     84.47% |       40260      3.10%     87.57% |       40324      3.11%     90.68% |       40303      3.11%     93.79% |       40304      3.11%     96.89% |       40303      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1297058                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       45999      3.64%      3.64% |       39301      3.11%      6.75% |       39354      3.11%      9.86% |       39290      3.11%     12.97% |       39255      3.10%     16.07% |       39240      3.10%     19.18% |       39280      3.11%     22.28% |       39302      3.11%     25.39% |       39297      3.11%     28.50% |       39326      3.11%     31.61% |       39398      3.12%     34.73% |       39294      3.11%     37.83% |       39318      3.11%     40.94% |       39309      3.11%     44.05% |       39319      3.11%     47.16% |       39262      3.11%     50.27% |       39293      3.11%     53.38% |       39292      3.11%     56.48% |       39320      3.11%     59.59% |       39251      3.10%     62.70% |       39282      3.11%     65.81% |       39376      3.11%     68.92% |       39318      3.11%     72.03% |       39249      3.10%     75.14% |       39308      3.11%     78.24% |       39340      3.11%     81.36% |       39343      3.11%     84.47% |       39236      3.10%     87.57% |       39300      3.11%     90.68% |       39279      3.11%     93.79% |       39280      3.11%     96.89% |       39279      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1264290                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          59     24.58%     24.58% |           7      2.92%     27.50% |           8      3.33%     30.83% |           5      2.08%     32.92% |           3      1.25%     34.17% |           1      0.42%     34.58% |           0      0.00%     34.58% |           2      0.83%     35.42% |           4      1.67%     37.08% |           1      0.42%     37.50% |           8      3.33%     40.83% |           2      0.83%     41.67% |           2      0.83%     42.50% |           0      0.00%     42.50% |           0      0.00%     42.50% |           0      0.00%     42.50% |           1      0.42%     42.92% |           2      0.83%     43.75% |           5      2.08%     45.83% |          12      5.00%     50.83% |          30     12.50%     63.33% |          31     12.92%     76.25% |           6      2.50%     78.75% |           4      1.67%     80.42% |           6      2.50%     82.92% |           7      2.92%     85.83% |           5      2.08%     87.92% |           5      2.08%     90.00% |           6      2.50%     92.50% |           9      3.75%     96.25% |           8      3.33%     99.58% |           1      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1269      3.05%      3.05% |        1259      3.03%      6.08% |        1250      3.01%      9.08% |        1235      2.97%     12.05% |        1234      2.97%     15.02% |        1255      3.02%     18.04% |        1243      2.99%     21.03% |        1272      3.06%     24.09% |        1244      2.99%     27.08% |        1266      3.04%     30.12% |        1272      3.06%     33.18% |        1275      3.07%     36.25% |        1273      3.06%     39.31% |        1328      3.19%     42.50% |        1318      3.17%     45.67% |        1335      3.21%     48.88% |        1329      3.20%     52.08% |        1336      3.21%     55.29% |        1336      3.21%     58.50% |        1329      3.20%     61.70% |        1353      3.25%     64.95% |        1338      3.22%     68.17% |        1364      3.28%     71.45% |        1347      3.24%     74.69% |        1348      3.24%     77.93% |        1344      3.23%     81.16% |        1330      3.20%     84.36% |        1298      3.12%     87.48% |        1321      3.18%     90.66% |        1299      3.12%     93.78% |        1300      3.13%     96.91% |        1287      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        41587                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1607      3.07%      3.07% |        1653      3.16%      6.24% |        1607      3.07%      9.31% |        1623      3.11%     12.42% |        1579      3.02%     15.44% |        1625      3.11%     18.55% |        1585      3.03%     21.58% |        1603      3.07%     24.65% |        1578      3.02%     27.67% |        1609      3.08%     30.75% |        1595      3.05%     33.80% |        1602      3.07%     36.86% |        1579      3.02%     39.88% |        1633      3.12%     43.01% |        1614      3.09%     46.10% |        1644      3.15%     49.24% |        1626      3.11%     52.35% |        1645      3.15%     55.50% |        1623      3.11%     58.61% |        1644      3.15%     61.75% |        1655      3.17%     64.92% |        1660      3.18%     68.09% |        1660      3.18%     71.27% |        1691      3.24%     74.50% |        1642      3.14%     77.65% |        1702      3.26%     80.90% |        1660      3.18%     84.08% |        1671      3.20%     87.28% |        1663      3.18%     90.46% |        1683      3.22%     93.68% |        1642      3.14%     96.82% |        1662      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        52265                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1786      3.13%      3.13% |        1713      3.00%      6.14% |        1702      2.99%      9.12% |        1692      2.97%     12.09% |        1692      2.97%     15.06% |        1693      2.97%     18.03% |        1698      2.98%     21.01% |        1762      3.09%     24.10% |        1720      3.02%     27.12% |        1739      3.05%     30.17% |        1782      3.13%     33.29% |        1777      3.12%     36.41% |        1793      3.15%     39.55% |        1818      3.19%     42.74% |        1817      3.19%     45.93% |        1823      3.20%     49.13% |        1821      3.19%     52.32% |        1837      3.22%     55.54% |        1828      3.21%     58.75% |        1784      3.13%     61.88% |        1801      3.16%     65.04% |        1859      3.26%     68.30% |        1832      3.21%     71.51% |        1781      3.12%     74.64% |        1835      3.22%     77.86% |        1867      3.27%     81.13% |        1833      3.22%     84.35% |        1761      3.09%     87.44% |        1801      3.16%     90.60% |        1798      3.15%     93.75% |        1800      3.16%     96.91% |        1763      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        57008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1269      3.05%      3.05% |        1259      3.03%      6.08% |        1250      3.01%      9.08% |        1235      2.97%     12.05% |        1234      2.97%     15.02% |        1255      3.02%     18.04% |        1243      2.99%     21.03% |        1272      3.06%     24.09% |        1244      2.99%     27.08% |        1266      3.04%     30.12% |        1272      3.06%     33.18% |        1275      3.07%     36.25% |        1273      3.06%     39.31% |        1328      3.19%     42.50% |        1318      3.17%     45.67% |        1335      3.21%     48.88% |        1329      3.20%     52.07% |        1336      3.21%     55.29% |        1336      3.21%     58.50% |        1329      3.20%     61.69% |        1353      3.25%     64.95% |        1338      3.22%     68.16% |        1364      3.28%     71.44% |        1347      3.24%     74.68% |        1348      3.24%     77.92% |        1346      3.24%     81.16% |        1330      3.20%     84.36% |        1298      3.12%     87.48% |        1321      3.18%     90.66% |        1299      3.12%     93.78% |        1300      3.13%     96.91% |        1287      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        41589                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      152533      5.70%      5.70% |       82605      3.09%      8.78% |       81209      3.03%     11.82% |       82209      3.07%     14.89% |       81392      3.04%     17.93% |       81129      3.03%     20.96% |       81094      3.03%     23.99% |       80702      3.01%     27.00% |       80809      3.02%     30.02% |       81991      3.06%     33.08% |       83004      3.10%     36.18% |       82310      3.07%     39.26% |       81899      3.06%     42.31% |       80648      3.01%     45.33% |       79904      2.98%     48.31% |       80170      2.99%     51.31% |       81069      3.03%     54.33% |       80689      3.01%     57.35% |       81087      3.03%     60.38% |       81310      3.04%     63.41% |       80990      3.03%     66.44% |       83426      3.12%     69.55% |       81174      3.03%     72.59% |       80569      3.01%     75.60% |       80626      3.01%     78.61% |       81169      3.03%     81.64% |       80815      3.02%     84.66% |       80601      3.01%     87.67% |       81052      3.03%     90.70% |       80719      3.01%     93.71% |       83343      3.11%     96.82% |       85030      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2677277                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         472      3.24%      3.24% |         417      2.86%      6.10% |         427      2.93%      9.04% |         422      2.90%     11.93% |         431      2.96%     14.89% |         410      2.81%     17.71% |         431      2.96%     20.67% |         475      3.26%     23.93% |         449      3.08%     27.01% |         436      2.99%     30.00% |         462      3.17%     33.18% |         462      3.17%     36.35% |         493      3.38%     39.73% |         472      3.24%     42.97% |         481      3.30%     46.28% |         470      3.23%     49.50% |         484      3.32%     52.83% |         488      3.35%     56.18% |         483      3.32%     59.49% |         452      3.10%     62.60% |         440      3.02%     65.62% |         466      3.20%     68.82% |         427      2.93%     71.75% |         429      2.95%     74.69% |         476      3.27%     77.96% |         500      3.43%     81.39% |         476      3.27%     84.66% |         432      2.97%     87.63% |         453      3.11%     90.74% |         463      3.18%     93.92% |         458      3.14%     97.06% |         428      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14565                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24554      4.23%      4.23% |       17961      3.10%      7.33% |       18003      3.10%     10.43% |       17936      3.09%     13.53% |       17908      3.09%     16.61% |       17903      3.09%     19.70% |       17922      3.09%     22.79% |       17908      3.09%     25.88% |       17917      3.09%     28.97% |       17960      3.10%     32.06% |       18022      3.11%     35.17% |       17893      3.08%     38.25% |       17902      3.09%     41.34% |       17918      3.09%     44.43% |       17921      3.09%     47.52% |       17875      3.08%     50.60% |       17883      3.08%     53.69% |       17871      3.08%     56.77% |       17907      3.09%     59.85% |       17873      3.08%     62.93% |       17893      3.08%     66.02% |       17952      3.10%     69.11% |       17971      3.10%     72.21% |       17894      3.09%     75.30% |       17896      3.09%     78.38% |       17914      3.09%     81.47% |       17931      3.09%     84.56% |       17886      3.08%     87.65% |       17928      3.09%     90.74% |       17894      3.09%     93.82% |       17890      3.08%     96.91% |       17937      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       580023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21997      3.13%      3.13% |       21947      3.12%      6.26% |       21948      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21955      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21957      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.63% |       21982      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21943      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21946      3.12%     93.75% |       21956      3.13%     96.88% |       21938      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702471                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2439      3.13%      3.13% |        2303      2.96%      6.09% |        2291      2.94%      9.03% |        2237      2.87%     11.90% |        2250      2.89%     14.79% |        2243      2.88%     17.67% |        2179      2.80%     20.47% |        2214      2.84%     23.32% |        2246      2.88%     26.20% |        2193      2.82%     29.02% |        2275      2.92%     31.94% |        2281      2.93%     34.87% |        2354      3.02%     37.89% |        2337      3.00%     40.89% |        2485      3.19%     44.08% |        2457      3.16%     47.24% |        2601      3.34%     50.58% |        2526      3.24%     53.82% |        2687      3.45%     57.27% |        2523      3.24%     60.51% |        2705      3.47%     63.99% |        2524      3.24%     67.23% |        2685      3.45%     70.68% |        2603      3.34%     74.02% |        2694      3.46%     77.48% |        2565      3.29%     80.77% |        2647      3.40%     84.17% |        2441      3.13%     87.31% |        2567      3.30%     90.60% |        2443      3.14%     93.74% |        2488      3.20%     96.93% |        2387      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        77870                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           3      0.78%      0.78% |           7      1.81%      2.59% |           6      1.55%      4.15% |           8      2.07%      6.22% |           6      1.55%      7.77% |           5      1.30%      9.07% |          10      2.59%     11.66% |           8      2.07%     13.73% |          13      3.37%     17.10% |          15      3.89%     20.98% |          13      3.37%     24.35% |           9      2.33%     26.68% |          12      3.11%     29.79% |           7      1.81%     31.61% |          19      4.92%     36.53% |          19      4.92%     41.45% |          10      2.59%     44.04% |          22      5.70%     49.74% |          19      4.92%     54.66% |          15      3.89%     58.55% |          13      3.37%     61.92% |           5      1.30%     63.21% |          19      4.92%     68.13% |          19      4.92%     73.06% |          21      5.44%     78.50% |          15      3.89%     82.38% |           8      2.07%     84.46% |           8      2.07%     86.53% |          13      3.37%     89.90% |           7      1.81%     91.71% |          16      4.15%     95.85% |          16      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          386                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        1710      3.12%      3.12% |        1653      3.01%      6.13% |        1647      3.00%      9.13% |        1637      2.98%     12.11% |        1637      2.98%     15.10% |        1632      2.97%     18.07% |        1644      3.00%     21.07% |        1708      3.11%     24.18% |        1662      3.03%     27.21% |        1673      3.05%     30.26% |        1694      3.09%     33.34% |        1706      3.11%     36.45% |        1725      3.14%     39.60% |        1744      3.18%     42.78% |        1749      3.19%     45.96% |        1755      3.20%     49.16% |        1760      3.21%     52.37% |        1776      3.24%     55.60% |        1772      3.23%     58.83% |        1729      3.15%     61.98% |        1744      3.18%     65.16% |        1753      3.19%     68.36% |        1745      3.18%     71.54% |        1724      3.14%     74.68% |        1773      3.23%     77.91% |        1803      3.29%     81.20% |        1769      3.22%     84.42% |        1691      3.08%     87.50% |        1727      3.15%     90.65% |        1727      3.15%     93.80% |        1726      3.15%     96.94% |        1678      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        54873                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       87510      8.06%      8.06% |       33231      3.06%     11.12% |       32030      2.95%     14.07% |       32926      3.03%     17.10% |       32338      2.98%     20.07% |       32209      2.97%     23.04% |       31838      2.93%     25.97% |       31801      2.93%     28.90% |       31818      2.93%     31.83% |       32228      2.97%     34.80% |       33957      3.13%     37.92% |       33333      3.07%     40.99% |       32684      3.01%     44.00% |       31837      2.93%     46.93% |       31114      2.86%     49.80% |       31360      2.89%     52.68% |       32144      2.96%     55.64% |       31782      2.93%     58.57% |       31819      2.93%     61.50% |       32122      2.96%     64.46% |       31959      2.94%     67.40% |       33184      3.06%     70.45% |       32037      2.95%     73.40% |       31386      2.89%     76.29% |       31463      2.90%     79.19% |       32033      2.95%     82.14% |       31488      2.90%     85.04% |       31433      2.89%     87.93% |       31992      2.95%     90.88% |       31600      2.91%     93.79% |       32179      2.96%     96.75% |       35316      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1086151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       17349      6.36%      6.36% |        8334      3.05%      9.41% |        8110      2.97%     12.39% |        8272      3.03%     15.42% |        8102      2.97%     18.39% |        7942      2.91%     21.30% |        8277      3.03%     24.33% |        7928      2.91%     27.24% |        8018      2.94%     30.18% |        8739      3.20%     33.38% |        7989      2.93%     36.31% |        8012      2.94%     39.25% |        8255      3.03%     42.27% |        7823      2.87%     45.14% |        7812      2.86%     48.00% |        7875      2.89%     50.89% |        7973      2.92%     53.81% |        7963      2.92%     56.73% |        8300      3.04%     59.78% |        8237      3.02%     62.79% |        8045      2.95%     65.74% |        9183      3.37%     69.11% |        8108      2.97%     72.08% |        8204      3.01%     75.09% |        8179      3.00%     78.09% |        8139      2.98%     81.07% |        8320      3.05%     84.12% |        8208      3.01%     87.13% |        8059      2.95%     90.08% |        8145      2.99%     93.07% |       10205      3.74%     96.81% |        8705      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28182      4.02%      4.02% |       21669      3.09%      7.12% |       21690      3.10%     10.21% |       21686      3.10%     13.31% |       21668      3.09%     16.40% |       21672      3.09%     19.50% |       21676      3.09%     22.59% |       21686      3.10%     25.69% |       21696      3.10%     28.78% |       21696      3.10%     31.88% |       21701      3.10%     34.98% |       21700      3.10%     38.08% |       21678      3.09%     41.17% |       21685      3.10%     44.27% |       21672      3.09%     47.36% |       21679      3.09%     50.46% |       21707      3.10%     53.55% |       21692      3.10%     56.65% |       21693      3.10%     59.75% |       21690      3.10%     62.84% |       21676      3.09%     65.94% |       21697      3.10%     69.04% |       21691      3.10%     72.13% |       21695      3.10%     75.23% |       21704      3.10%     78.33% |       21697      3.10%     81.42% |       21702      3.10%     84.52% |       21684      3.10%     87.62% |       21695      3.10%     90.72% |       21674      3.09%     93.81% |       21681      3.10%     96.90% |       21681      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15939      3.15%      3.15% |       15888      3.14%      6.29% |       15932      3.15%      9.44% |       15885      3.14%     12.58% |       15872      3.14%     15.72% |       15853      3.13%     18.85% |       15884      3.14%     21.99% |       15830      3.13%     25.12% |       15855      3.13%     28.26% |       15867      3.14%     31.39% |       15886      3.14%     34.53% |       15794      3.12%     37.66% |       15824      3.13%     40.79% |       15785      3.12%     43.91% |       15809      3.13%     47.03% |       15739      3.11%     50.14% |       15743      3.11%     53.25% |       15739      3.11%     56.37% |       15772      3.12%     59.48% |       15743      3.11%     62.60% |       15753      3.11%     65.71% |       15766      3.12%     68.83% |       15767      3.12%     71.94% |       15748      3.11%     75.06% |       15741      3.11%     78.17% |       15748      3.11%     81.28% |       15781      3.12%     84.40% |       15766      3.12%     87.52% |       15777      3.12%     90.64% |       15776      3.12%     93.76% |       15769      3.12%     96.87% |       15811      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       505842                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1269      3.05%      3.05% |        1259      3.03%      6.08% |        1250      3.01%      9.08% |        1235      2.97%     12.05% |        1234      2.97%     15.02% |        1255      3.02%     18.04% |        1243      2.99%     21.03% |        1272      3.06%     24.09% |        1244      2.99%     27.08% |        1266      3.04%     30.12% |        1272      3.06%     33.18% |        1275      3.07%     36.25% |        1273      3.06%     39.31% |        1328      3.19%     42.50% |        1318      3.17%     45.67% |        1335      3.21%     48.88% |        1329      3.20%     52.07% |        1336      3.21%     55.29% |        1336      3.21%     58.50% |        1329      3.20%     61.69% |        1353      3.25%     64.95% |        1338      3.22%     68.16% |        1364      3.28%     71.44% |        1347      3.24%     74.68% |        1348      3.24%     77.92% |        1346      3.24%     81.16% |        1330      3.20%     84.36% |        1298      3.12%     87.48% |        1321      3.18%     90.66% |        1299      3.12%     93.78% |        1300      3.13%     96.91% |        1287      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        41589                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        1123      3.09%      3.09% |        1138      3.14%      6.23% |        1126      3.10%      9.33% |        1133      3.12%     12.45% |        1121      3.09%     15.54% |        1140      3.14%     18.68% |        1126      3.10%     21.78% |        1141      3.14%     24.93% |        1128      3.11%     28.04% |        1143      3.15%     31.18% |        1127      3.10%     34.29% |        1141      3.14%     37.43% |        1140      3.14%     40.57% |        1146      3.16%     43.73% |        1133      3.12%     46.85% |        1144      3.15%     50.00% |        1147      3.16%     53.16% |        1146      3.16%     56.32% |        1126      3.10%     59.42% |        1145      3.15%     62.58% |        1138      3.14%     65.71% |        1135      3.13%     68.84% |        1125      3.10%     71.94% |        1138      3.14%     75.08% |        1130      3.11%     78.19% |        1138      3.14%     81.32% |        1120      3.09%     84.41% |        1135      3.13%     87.54% |        1129      3.11%     90.65% |        1137      3.13%     93.78% |        1121      3.09%     96.87% |        1137      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        36297                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      149946      5.78%      5.78% |       80089      3.09%      8.86% |       78708      3.03%     11.90% |       79722      3.07%     14.97% |       78926      3.04%     18.01% |       78619      3.03%     21.04% |       78614      3.03%     24.07% |       78176      3.01%     27.08% |       78323      3.02%     30.10% |       79469      3.06%     33.16% |       80456      3.10%     36.26% |       79758      3.07%     39.33% |       79366      3.06%     42.39% |       78048      3.01%     45.40% |       77323      2.98%     48.38% |       77562      2.99%     51.37% |       78486      3.02%     54.39% |       78099      3.01%     57.40% |       78510      3.03%     60.42% |       78715      3.03%     63.46% |       78361      3.02%     66.48% |       80768      3.11%     69.59% |       78533      3.03%     72.62% |       77969      3.00%     75.62% |       78036      3.01%     78.63% |       78576      3.03%     81.65% |       78238      3.01%     84.67% |       78038      3.01%     87.68% |       78470      3.02%     90.70% |       78148      3.01%     93.71% |       80782      3.11%     96.82% |       82461      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2595295                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.91%      2.91% |           8      7.77%     10.68% |           4      3.88%     14.56% |           2      1.94%     16.50% |           2      1.94%     18.45% |           2      1.94%     20.39% |           1      0.97%     21.36% |           1      0.97%     22.33% |           2      1.94%     24.27% |           1      0.97%     25.24% |          10      9.71%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           0      0.00%     34.95% |           1      0.97%     35.92% |           2      1.94%     37.86% |           7      6.80%     44.66% |           5      4.85%     49.51% |           7      6.80%     56.31% |           7      6.80%     63.11% |           1      0.97%     64.08% |           5      4.85%     68.93% |           3      2.91%     71.84% |           3      2.91%     74.76% |           5      4.85%     79.61% |           7      6.80%     86.41% |           7      6.80%     93.20% |           4      3.88%     97.09% |           3      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          78      3.55%      3.55% |          57      2.59%      6.14% |          58      2.64%      8.78% |          57      2.59%     11.37% |          55      2.50%     13.88% |          58      2.64%     16.52% |          52      2.37%     18.88% |          55      2.50%     21.38% |          60      2.73%     24.11% |          65      2.96%     27.07% |          85      3.87%     30.94% |          73      3.32%     34.26% |          69      3.14%     37.40% |          74      3.37%     40.76% |          67      3.05%     43.81% |          68      3.09%     46.91% |          62      2.82%     49.73% |          62      2.82%     52.55% |          58      2.64%     55.19% |          60      2.73%     57.92% |          82      3.73%     61.65% |         130      5.91%     67.56% |          86      3.91%     71.47% |          60      2.73%     74.20% |          62      2.82%     77.02% |          63      2.87%     79.89% |          66      3.00%     82.89% |          70      3.18%     86.08% |          73      3.32%     89.40% |          73      3.32%     92.72% |          78      3.55%     96.27% |          82      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          26     34.67%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |          16     21.33%     56.00% |          16     21.33%     77.33% |          17     22.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           75                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.05%      1.05% |           1      1.05%      2.11% |           0      0.00%      2.11% |          21     22.11%     24.21% |           1      1.05%     25.26% |           0      0.00%     25.26% |           1      1.05%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           1      1.05%     27.37% |           1      1.05%     28.42% |           0      0.00%     28.42% |           0      0.00%     28.42% |           0      0.00%     28.42% |           2      2.11%     30.53% |          50     52.63%     83.16% |          10     10.53%     93.68% |           1      1.05%     94.74% |           1      1.05%     95.79% |           1      1.05%     96.84% |           0      0.00%     96.84% |           0      0.00%     96.84% |           0      0.00%     96.84% |           2      2.11%     98.95% |           1      1.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           95                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          25     96.15%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       45999      3.64%      3.64% |       39301      3.11%      6.75% |       39354      3.11%      9.86% |       39290      3.11%     12.97% |       39255      3.10%     16.07% |       39240      3.10%     19.18% |       39280      3.11%     22.28% |       39302      3.11%     25.39% |       39297      3.11%     28.50% |       39326      3.11%     31.61% |       39398      3.12%     34.73% |       39294      3.11%     37.83% |       39318      3.11%     40.94% |       39309      3.11%     44.05% |       39319      3.11%     47.16% |       39262      3.11%     50.27% |       39293      3.11%     53.38% |       39292      3.11%     56.48% |       39320      3.11%     59.59% |       39251      3.10%     62.70% |       39282      3.11%     65.81% |       39376      3.11%     68.92% |       39318      3.11%     72.03% |       39249      3.10%     75.14% |       39308      3.11%     78.24% |       39340      3.11%     81.36% |       39343      3.11%     84.47% |       39236      3.10%     87.57% |       39300      3.11%     90.68% |       39279      3.11%     93.79% |       39280      3.11%     96.89% |       39279      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1264290                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     47.37%     47.37% |           6      5.26%     52.63% |           3      2.63%     55.26% |           1      0.88%     56.14% |           1      0.88%     57.02% |           0      0.00%     57.02% |           0      0.00%     57.02% |           0      0.00%     57.02% |           0      0.00%     57.02% |           0      0.00%     57.02% |           7      6.14%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           1      0.88%     64.04% |           7      6.14%     70.18% |           4      3.51%     73.68% |           3      2.63%     76.32% |           4      3.51%     79.82% |           1      0.88%     80.70% |           4      3.51%     84.21% |           2      1.75%     85.96% |           2      1.75%     87.72% |           2      1.75%     89.47% |           4      3.51%     92.98% |           5      4.39%     97.37% |           3      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.98%      6.98% |           2      4.65%     11.63% |           1      2.33%     13.95% |           1      2.33%     16.28% |           1      2.33%     18.60% |           2      4.65%     23.26% |           1      2.33%     25.58% |           1      2.33%     27.91% |           2      4.65%     32.56% |           1      2.33%     34.88% |           3      6.98%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           1      2.33%     44.19% |           1      2.33%     46.51% |           0      0.00%     46.51% |           1      2.33%     48.84% |           4      9.30%     58.14% |           3      6.98%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           1      2.33%     67.44% |           1      2.33%     69.77% |           1      2.33%     72.09% |           3      6.98%     79.07% |           3      6.98%     86.05% |           2      4.65%     90.70% |           1      2.33%     93.02% |           3      6.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |          10     90.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.79%     15.79% |          16     84.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      4.03%      4.03% |           1      0.81%      4.84% |           5      4.03%      8.87% |           4      3.23%     12.10% |           2      1.61%     13.71% |           1      0.81%     14.52% |           0      0.00%     14.52% |           2      1.61%     16.13% |           4      3.23%     19.35% |           1      0.81%     20.16% |           1      0.81%     20.97% |           2      1.61%     22.58% |           2      1.61%     24.19% |           0      0.00%     24.19% |           0      0.00%     24.19% |           0      0.00%     24.19% |           1      0.81%     25.00% |           2      1.61%     26.61% |           4      3.23%     29.84% |           5      4.03%     33.87% |          26     20.97%     54.84% |          28     22.58%     77.42% |           2      1.61%     79.03% |           3      2.42%     81.45% |           2      1.61%     83.06% |           3      2.42%     85.48% |           3      2.42%     87.90% |           3      2.42%     90.32% |           2      1.61%     91.94% |           4      3.23%     95.16% |           5      4.03%     99.19% |           1      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          73      3.52%      3.52% |          56      2.70%      6.22% |          53      2.56%      8.78% |          53      2.56%     11.33% |          53      2.56%     13.89% |          57      2.75%     16.63% |          52      2.51%     19.14% |          53      2.56%     21.70% |          56      2.70%     24.40% |          64      3.09%     27.48% |          84      4.05%     31.53% |          71      3.42%     34.96% |          67      3.23%     38.19% |          74      3.57%     41.76% |          67      3.23%     44.99% |          68      3.28%     48.26% |          61      2.94%     51.21% |          60      2.89%     54.10% |          54      2.60%     56.70% |          55      2.65%     59.35% |          56      2.70%     62.05% |         102      4.92%     66.97% |          84      4.05%     71.02% |          57      2.75%     73.77% |          60      2.89%     76.66% |          60      2.89%     79.56% |          63      3.04%     82.59% |          67      3.23%     85.82% |          71      3.42%     89.25% |          69      3.33%     92.57% |          73      3.52%     96.09% |          81      3.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2074                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1607      3.07%      3.07% |        1653      3.16%      6.24% |        1607      3.07%      9.31% |        1623      3.11%     12.42% |        1579      3.02%     15.44% |        1625      3.11%     18.55% |        1585      3.03%     21.58% |        1603      3.07%     24.65% |        1578      3.02%     27.67% |        1609      3.08%     30.75% |        1595      3.05%     33.80% |        1602      3.07%     36.86% |        1579      3.02%     39.88% |        1633      3.12%     43.01% |        1614      3.09%     46.10% |        1644      3.15%     49.24% |        1626      3.11%     52.35% |        1645      3.15%     55.50% |        1623      3.11%     58.61% |        1644      3.15%     61.75% |        1655      3.17%     64.92% |        1660      3.18%     68.10% |        1660      3.18%     71.27% |        1691      3.24%     74.51% |        1642      3.14%     77.65% |        1700      3.25%     80.90% |        1660      3.18%     84.08% |        1671      3.20%     87.28% |        1663      3.18%     90.46% |        1683      3.22%     93.68% |        1642      3.14%     96.82% |        1662      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        52263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        1710      3.12%      3.12% |        1653      3.01%      6.13% |        1647      3.00%      9.13% |        1637      2.98%     12.11% |        1637      2.98%     15.10% |        1632      2.97%     18.07% |        1644      3.00%     21.07% |        1708      3.11%     24.18% |        1662      3.03%     27.21% |        1673      3.05%     30.26% |        1694      3.09%     33.34% |        1706      3.11%     36.45% |        1725      3.14%     39.60% |        1744      3.18%     42.78% |        1749      3.19%     45.96% |        1755      3.20%     49.16% |        1760      3.21%     52.37% |        1776      3.24%     55.60% |        1772      3.23%     58.83% |        1729      3.15%     61.98% |        1744      3.18%     65.16% |        1753      3.19%     68.36% |        1745      3.18%     71.54% |        1724      3.14%     74.68% |        1773      3.23%     77.91% |        1803      3.29%     81.20% |        1769      3.22%     84.42% |        1691      3.08%     87.50% |        1727      3.15%     90.65% |        1727      3.15%     93.80% |        1726      3.15%     96.94% |        1678      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        54873                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2      0.38%      0.38% |          10      1.92%      2.30% |          14      2.69%      4.99% |          19      3.65%      8.64% |          18      3.45%     12.09% |          16      3.07%     15.16% |          20      3.84%     19.00% |          19      3.65%     22.65% |          27      5.18%     27.83% |          34      6.53%     34.36% |          30      5.76%     40.12% |          32      6.14%     46.26% |          33      6.33%     52.59% |          19      3.65%     56.24% |          22      4.22%     60.46% |          25      4.80%     65.26% |          28      5.37%     70.63% |          30      5.76%     76.39% |          28      5.37%     81.77% |          19      3.65%     85.41% |          18      3.45%     88.87% |          10      1.92%     90.79% |          11      2.11%     92.90% |           3      0.58%     93.47% |           3      0.58%     94.05% |           5      0.96%     95.01% |           5      0.96%     95.97% |           5      0.96%     96.93% |           1      0.19%     97.12% |           3      0.58%     97.70% |           9      1.73%     99.42% |           3      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total          521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24552      4.24%      4.24% |       17951      3.10%      7.33% |       17989      3.10%     10.44% |       17917      3.09%     13.53% |       17890      3.09%     16.62% |       17887      3.09%     19.70% |       17902      3.09%     22.79% |       17889      3.09%     25.88% |       17890      3.09%     28.97% |       17926      3.09%     32.06% |       17992      3.10%     35.17% |       17861      3.08%     38.25% |       17869      3.08%     41.33% |       17899      3.09%     44.42% |       17899      3.09%     47.51% |       17850      3.08%     50.59% |       17855      3.08%     53.67% |       17841      3.08%     56.75% |       17879      3.09%     59.83% |       17854      3.08%     62.91% |       17875      3.08%     66.00% |       17942      3.10%     69.10% |       17960      3.10%     72.19% |       17891      3.09%     75.28% |       17893      3.09%     78.37% |       17909      3.09%     81.46% |       17926      3.09%     84.55% |       17881      3.09%     87.64% |       17927      3.09%     90.73% |       17891      3.09%     93.82% |       17881      3.09%     96.91% |       17934      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       579502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         474      3.14%      3.14% |         427      2.83%      5.97% |         441      2.92%      8.90% |         441      2.92%     11.82% |         449      2.98%     14.80% |         426      2.82%     17.62% |         451      2.99%     20.61% |         494      3.27%     23.88% |         476      3.16%     27.04% |         470      3.12%     30.16% |         492      3.26%     33.42% |         494      3.27%     36.69% |         526      3.49%     40.18% |         491      3.25%     43.43% |         503      3.33%     46.77% |         495      3.28%     50.05% |         512      3.39%     53.44% |         518      3.43%     56.88% |         511      3.39%     60.27% |         471      3.12%     63.39% |         458      3.04%     66.42% |         476      3.16%     69.58% |         438      2.90%     72.48% |         432      2.86%     75.35% |         479      3.18%     78.52% |         505      3.35%     81.87% |         481      3.19%     85.06% |         436      2.89%     87.95% |         454      3.01%     90.96% |         466      3.09%     94.05% |         467      3.10%     97.14% |         431      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15085                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21997      3.13%      3.13% |       21947      3.12%      6.26% |       21948      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21955      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21957      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.63% |       21982      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21943      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21946      3.12%     93.75% |       21956      3.13%     96.88% |       21938      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702471                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           5      1.31%      1.31% |          11      2.88%      4.19% |           6      1.57%      5.76% |           7      1.83%      7.59% |          12      3.14%     10.73% |          11      2.88%     13.61% |          10      2.62%     16.23% |           9      2.36%     18.59% |           8      2.09%     20.68% |           6      1.57%     22.25% |          11      2.88%     25.13% |          11      2.88%     28.01% |          23      6.02%     34.03% |          11      2.88%     36.91% |          14      3.66%     40.58% |          18      4.71%     45.29% |          15      3.93%     49.21% |          14      3.66%     52.88% |          17      4.45%     57.33% |          18      4.71%     62.04% |          15      3.93%     65.97% |          10      2.62%     68.59% |           9      2.36%     70.94% |          23      6.02%     76.96% |          10      2.62%     79.58% |          20      5.24%     84.82% |           9      2.36%     87.17% |          15      3.93%     91.10% |           4      1.05%     92.15% |           9      2.36%     94.50% |           9      2.36%     96.86% |          12      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          382                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           6      2.94%      2.94% |           5      2.45%      5.39% |           3      1.47%      6.86% |           4      1.96%      8.82% |           4      1.96%     10.78% |           3      1.47%     12.25% |           4      1.96%     14.22% |           4      1.96%     16.18% |           5      2.45%     18.63% |           7      3.43%     22.06% |           5      2.45%     24.51% |           6      2.94%     27.45% |           8      3.92%     31.37% |           6      2.94%     34.31% |           6      2.94%     37.25% |           6      2.94%     40.20% |          12      5.88%     46.08% |           4      1.96%     48.04% |           7      3.43%     51.47% |           5      2.45%     53.92% |           7      3.43%     57.35% |           8      3.92%     61.27% |           8      3.92%     65.20% |          12      5.88%     71.08% |           9      4.41%     75.49% |           7      3.43%     78.92% |          12      5.88%     84.80% |           4      1.96%     86.76% |           7      3.43%     90.20% |           9      4.41%     94.61% |           4      1.96%     96.57% |           7      3.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total          204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     50.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      152531      5.70%      5.70% |       82601      3.09%      8.78% |       81203      3.03%     11.82% |       82204      3.07%     14.89% |       81391      3.04%     17.93% |       81129      3.03%     20.96% |       81094      3.03%     23.99% |       80702      3.01%     27.00% |       80809      3.02%     30.02% |       81990      3.06%     33.08% |       83003      3.10%     36.18% |       82310      3.07%     39.26% |       81895      3.06%     42.31% |       80648      3.01%     45.33% |       79899      2.98%     48.31% |       80170      2.99%     51.31% |       81069      3.03%     54.33% |       80689      3.01%     57.35% |       81078      3.03%     60.38% |       81308      3.04%     63.41% |       80990      3.03%     66.44% |       83426      3.12%     69.55% |       81174      3.03%     72.59% |       80569      3.01%     75.60% |       80625      3.01%     78.61% |       81169      3.03%     81.64% |       80814      3.02%     84.66% |       80600      3.01%     87.67% |       81050      3.03%     90.70% |       80719      3.02%     93.71% |       83342      3.11%     96.82% |       85030      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2677231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           2      0.93%      0.93% |           3      1.40%      2.33% |           3      1.40%      3.72% |           5      2.33%      6.05% |           4      1.86%      7.91% |           3      1.40%      9.30% |           4      1.86%     11.16% |           4      1.86%     13.02% |           7      3.26%     16.28% |           8      3.72%     20.00% |           7      3.26%     23.26% |           2      0.93%     24.19% |          10      4.65%     28.84% |           3      1.40%     30.23% |          11      5.12%     35.35% |           8      3.72%     39.07% |           5      2.33%     41.40% |          12      5.58%     46.98% |          12      5.58%     52.56% |           7      3.26%     55.81% |          10      4.65%     60.47% |           4      1.86%     62.33% |          12      5.58%     67.91% |          12      5.58%     73.49% |          10      4.65%     78.14% |           9      4.19%     82.33% |           6      2.79%     85.12% |           6      2.79%     87.91% |           5      2.33%     90.23% |           3      1.40%     91.63% |           9      4.19%     95.81% |           9      4.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          215                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1249      3.16%      3.16% |        1213      3.06%      6.22% |        1158      2.93%      9.15% |        1155      2.92%     12.06% |        1118      2.82%     14.89% |        1155      2.92%     17.81% |        1230      3.11%     20.92% |        1247      3.15%     24.07% |        1177      2.97%     27.04% |        1187      3.00%     30.04% |        1220      3.08%     33.12% |        1209      3.05%     36.18% |        1166      2.95%     39.12% |        1255      3.17%     42.29% |        1275      3.22%     45.51% |        1286      3.25%     48.76% |        1318      3.33%     52.09% |        1304      3.29%     55.39% |        1250      3.16%     58.55% |        1280      3.23%     61.78% |        1273      3.22%     65.00% |        1268      3.20%     68.20% |        1311      3.31%     71.51% |        1313      3.32%     74.83% |        1266      3.20%     78.03% |        1274      3.22%     81.25% |        1257      3.18%     84.42% |        1259      3.18%     87.60% |        1239      3.13%     90.73% |        1199      3.03%     93.76% |        1227      3.10%     96.86% |        1241      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        39579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          20      1.00%      1.00% |          46      2.29%      3.29% |          92      4.58%      7.87% |          80      3.98%     11.85% |         116      5.78%     17.63% |         100      4.98%     22.61% |          13      0.65%     23.26% |          25      1.25%     24.50% |          67      3.34%     27.84% |          79      3.93%     31.77% |          52      2.59%     34.36% |          66      3.29%     37.65% |         107      5.33%     42.98% |          73      3.64%     46.61% |          43      2.14%     48.75% |          49      2.44%     51.20% |          11      0.55%     51.74% |          32      1.59%     53.34% |          86      4.28%     57.62% |          49      2.44%     60.06% |          80      3.98%     64.04% |          70      3.49%     67.53% |          53      2.64%     70.17% |          34      1.69%     71.86% |          82      4.08%     75.95% |          70      3.49%     79.43% |          73      3.64%     83.07% |          39      1.94%     85.01% |          82      4.08%     89.09% |         100      4.98%     94.07% |          73      3.64%     97.71% |          46      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          20      1.00%      1.00% |          46      2.29%      3.29% |          92      4.58%      7.87% |          80      3.98%     11.85% |         116      5.78%     17.63% |         100      4.98%     22.61% |          13      0.65%     23.26% |          25      1.25%     24.50% |          67      3.34%     27.84% |          79      3.93%     31.77% |          52      2.59%     34.36% |          66      3.29%     37.65% |         107      5.33%     42.98% |          73      3.64%     46.61% |          43      2.14%     48.75% |          49      2.44%     51.20% |          11      0.55%     51.74% |          32      1.59%     53.34% |          86      4.28%     57.62% |          49      2.44%     60.06% |          80      3.98%     64.04% |          70      3.49%     67.53% |          53      2.64%     70.17% |          34      1.69%     71.86% |          82      4.08%     75.95% |          70      3.49%     79.43% |          73      3.64%     83.07% |          39      1.94%     85.01% |          82      4.08%     89.09% |         100      4.98%     94.07% |          73      3.64%     97.71% |          46      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      2.86%      2.86% |           0      0.00%      2.86% |           1      2.86%      5.71% |           0      0.00%      5.71% |           0      0.00%      5.71% |           0      0.00%      5.71% |           1      2.86%      8.57% |           1      2.86%     11.43% |           0      0.00%     11.43% |           2      5.71%     17.14% |           4     11.43%     28.57% |           1      2.86%     31.43% |           1      2.86%     34.29% |           0      0.00%     34.29% |           1      2.86%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           1      2.86%     51.43% |           1      2.86%     54.29% |           3      8.57%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           0      0.00%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           2      5.71%     74.29% |           5     14.29%     88.57% |           0      0.00%     88.57% |           0      0.00%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1249      3.16%      3.16% |        1213      3.06%      6.22% |        1158      2.93%      9.15% |        1155      2.92%     12.06% |        1118      2.82%     14.89% |        1155      2.92%     17.81% |        1230      3.11%     20.91% |        1247      3.15%     24.06% |        1177      2.97%     27.04% |        1187      3.00%     30.04% |        1220      3.08%     33.12% |        1209      3.05%     36.17% |        1166      2.95%     39.12% |        1255      3.17%     42.29% |        1275      3.22%     45.51% |        1286      3.25%     48.76% |        1318      3.33%     52.09% |        1304      3.29%     55.39% |        1250      3.16%     58.54% |        1280      3.23%     61.78% |        1273      3.22%     64.99% |        1268      3.20%     68.20% |        1311      3.31%     71.51% |        1313      3.32%     74.83% |        1266      3.20%     78.02% |        1276      3.22%     81.25% |        1257      3.18%     84.42% |        1259      3.18%     87.61% |        1239      3.13%     90.74% |        1199      3.03%     93.76% |        1227      3.10%     96.86% |        1241      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        39581                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      438510     21.30%     21.30% |     1029503     50.00%     71.30% |      146588      7.12%     78.42% |      149904      7.28%     85.70% |      146076      7.09%     92.79% |      148425      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2059006                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      438510     21.30%     21.30% |     1029503     50.00%     71.30% |      146588      7.12%     78.42% |      149904      7.28%     85.70% |      146076      7.09%     92.79% |      148425      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2059006                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      438510     21.30%     21.30% |     1029503     50.00%     71.30% |      146588      7.12%     78.42% |      149904      7.28%     85.70% |      146076      7.09%     92.79% |      148425      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2059006                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      438510     21.30%     21.30% |     1029503     50.00%     71.30% |      146588      7.12%     78.42% |      149904      7.28%     85.70% |      146076      7.09%     92.79% |      148425      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2059006                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
