
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038824                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38824095000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214992173500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  50079                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    88181                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              107012022                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3224032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   362.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    18168828                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      31992124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120769538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            120769538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73720817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73720817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    194490355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194490355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2862080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      378                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2058                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38823582500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  45684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   8025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   8297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   8371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   232.632792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.994271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   233.936106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12688     39.10%     39.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7232     22.28%     61.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8074     24.88%     86.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1082      3.33%     89.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          741      2.28%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          555      1.71%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          442      1.36%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          432      1.33%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1207      3.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.202689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.033715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7951     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.619502                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.392577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.199256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7432     93.39%     93.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           171      2.15%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          106      1.33%     96.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          249      3.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3351747146                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4725165896                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    45758.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               64508.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      120.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   120.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56155                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29359                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    329060.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429529250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    27096627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              127227240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              118117440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               69419625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64449000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289996200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281299200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146823840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142961760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14172937425                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13804984755                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10861100250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11183865750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28203184740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28131358065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.464883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.614753                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117563281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117563281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70745345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70745345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188308626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           188308626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      300                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1987                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38823330500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  44742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   8003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.159923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.670056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.340810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9324     32.55%     32.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6672     23.29%     55.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8017     27.99%     83.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1144      3.99%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          854      2.98%     90.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          571      1.99%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          457      1.60%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          495      1.73%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1111      3.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.301057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.334653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7655     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.600157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.375684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.184605                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7156     93.38%     93.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           168      2.19%     95.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          113      1.47%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          226      2.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2995324815                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4332218565                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    42009.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               60759.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      117.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       70.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    70.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55776                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29791                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    339860.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10617688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26908468250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112825440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103730760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61561500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56599125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282757800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273304200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141218640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14040884385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13368468780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10976936250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11566774500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28151864175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          28041421605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.142955                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.298147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    117625923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            117625923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     70784908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            70784908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    188410831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           188410831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71355                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71355                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2748032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      379                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1989                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38823570000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71355                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  44952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   3847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   8038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.129252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.893179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   239.581421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9363     32.66%     32.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6538     22.81%     55.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8193     28.58%     84.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1115      3.89%     87.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          820      2.86%     90.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          606      2.11%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          470      1.64%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          414      1.44%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1146      4.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.295490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.431262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7667     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.596715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.374949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.172710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7168     93.43%     93.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           176      2.29%     95.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           96      1.25%     96.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          232      3.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3042865018                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4380471268                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    42653.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               61403.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      117.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       70.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   117.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    70.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55748                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29861                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    339678.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10522935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27003221250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              113022000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              103685400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61668750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56574375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             283140000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273249600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141199200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137039040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14090680440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13443139350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10933255500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11501274000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28158646050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28050641925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.317644                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.535646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117157760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117157760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70667867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70667867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    187825627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           187825627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      342                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2404                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38823352000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  44456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   3284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   258.789621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.587531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.829133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8982     31.88%     31.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6460     22.93%     54.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8093     28.73%     83.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1188      4.22%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          794      2.82%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          579      2.06%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          478      1.70%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          427      1.52%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1172      4.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.319208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.582110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7616     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.623852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.387434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.253009                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7097     93.11%     93.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           167      2.19%     95.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           94      1.23%     96.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          264      3.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3053110471                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4385579221                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    42962.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               61712.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      117.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55683                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    340732.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10542194750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    26984163250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110776680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              102211200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60443625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55770000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             281470800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272758200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140875200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13906031220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13292573850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11095228500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11633349000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28130506185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28029232410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.592810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.984174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3307092                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 26.908616                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.511768                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                15.416877                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3248664     98.23%     98.23% |       48651      1.47%     99.70% |        9249      0.28%     99.98% |         523      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3307092                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11960136                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.963465                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.704618                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.229116                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4939130     41.30%     41.30% |     6057605     50.65%     91.94% |      803008      6.71%     98.66% |       94089      0.79%     99.45% |       25375      0.21%     99.66% |       17165      0.14%     99.80% |       14325      0.12%     99.92% |        8237      0.07%     99.99% |        1018      0.01%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11960136                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11960133                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.899880                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.636914                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             58.205073                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11865327     99.21%     99.21% |       65947      0.55%     99.76% |       13334      0.11%     99.87% |        8098      0.07%     99.94% |        4219      0.04%     99.97% |        1892      0.02%     99.99% |         878      0.01%    100.00% |         283      0.00%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11960133                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11338177                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000453                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000391                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021289                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11333039     99.95%     99.95% |        5137      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11338177                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621956                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        174.135270                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       121.320012                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       193.348036                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      527150     84.76%     84.76% |       65947     10.60%     95.36% |       13334      2.14%     97.50% |        8098      1.30%     98.81% |        4219      0.68%     99.48% |        1892      0.30%     99.79% |         878      0.14%     99.93% |         283      0.05%     99.98% |         134      0.02%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621956                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          62414                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        62414                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           17                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7913622                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8292434                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3374918                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3496120                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107894                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1416123                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43359                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         1665                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5871                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14399                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20270                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         1537                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15708                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22118                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         1734                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6096                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15014                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21110                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         1554                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14896                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         1657                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6097                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15013                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21110                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         1613                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         1757                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6263                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15351                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         1691                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52844                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14408                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15813                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8620                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12513                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7946                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9011                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10574                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19467                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17392                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21305                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7912                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7054                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          100                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5892750                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5892750                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5978918                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5892750                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2557010                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2554302                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5892750                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.075890                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2101928                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2101928                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2132536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2101928                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1103778                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1097352                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2101928                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027070                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1547652                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1547652                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1579095                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1547652                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       613440                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       605080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1547652                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.019932                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1196511                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1196511                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1223079                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1196511                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499895                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       497479                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1196511                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.015409                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1702697                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1702697                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1729844                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1702697                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       871859                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       861137                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1702697                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.021928                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1700029                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1700029                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1727472                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1700029                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       857945                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       852189                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1700029                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021894                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2204749                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2204749                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2243429                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2204749                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       798230                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       793745                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2204749                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028394                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1220756                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1220756                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1249110                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1220756                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       496979                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       495132                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1220756                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015722                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       796516                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       796516                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       813737                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       796516                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       368517                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       359992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       796516                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010258                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1130417                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1130417                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1151372                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1130417                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       566227                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       558029                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1130417                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014558                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       754340                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       754340                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       762637                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       754340                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       313259                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       313020                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       754340                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009715                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       663604                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       663604                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       666566                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       663604                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       265058                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       264896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       663604                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008546                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       991270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       991270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity       995737                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity       991270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       475651                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       475414                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       991270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.012766                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       698412                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       698412                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       702109                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       698412                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       284395                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       284192                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       698412                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.008995                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       416429                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       416429                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       418613                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       416429                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       162528                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       162441                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       416429                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005363                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       612787                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       612787                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       616458                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       612787                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       241981                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       241827                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       612787                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007892                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1023617                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1023617                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1033557                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1023617                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       368979                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       368841                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1023617                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013183                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       686117                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       686117                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       692508                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       686117                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258941                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258805                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       686117                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008836                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       651153                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       651153                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       658103                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       651153                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259307                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       259077                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       651153                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008386                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403485                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403485                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       405603                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403485                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159125                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403485                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005196                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       389022                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       389022                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       389554                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       389022                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       191993                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       191978                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       389022                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       521488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       521488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       522168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       521488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       261120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       261076                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       521488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006716                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       408212                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       408212                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       409042                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       408212                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       187910                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       187872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       408212                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005257                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262113                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262113                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262113                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262113                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109313                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109313                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262113                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       333425                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       333425                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       333848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       333425                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       140078                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       140061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       333425                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004294                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       472888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       472888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       473541                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       472888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       231756                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       231700                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       472888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006090                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       387517                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       387517                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       388396                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       387517                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       172087                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       172065                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       387517                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.004991                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       261821                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       261821                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       261821                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       261821                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       107889                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       107889                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       261821                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003372                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1428810                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1428810                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1474899                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1428810                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       596803                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       595722                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1428810                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018401                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1404228                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1404228                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1432275                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1404228                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       569156                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       568168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1404228                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018084                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1444088                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1444088                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1481491                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1444088                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       582298                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581244                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1444088                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.018598                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1488043                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1488043                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1523887                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1488043                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       609719                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       608235                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1488043                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019164                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2607772     27.89%     27.89% |     6214201     66.45%     94.34% |      529087      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9351060                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2607772     27.89%     27.89% |     6214201     66.45%     94.34% |      529087      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9351060                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    76125587                       |   146546701                       |    11231939                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     9665902                       |    29159137                       |      529090                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   29.191811                       |   23.582549                       |   21.228908                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.706575                       |    4.692339                       |    1.000006                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.013659                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.208521                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.222180                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001863                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.040433      7.05%      7.05% |    0.039800      6.94%     13.98% |    0.040301      7.02%     21.01% |    0.039717      6.92%     27.93% |    0.094507     16.47%     44.41% |    0.095888     16.71%     61.12% |    0.094479     16.47%     77.59% |    0.095824     16.70%     94.29% |    0.008186      1.43%     95.72% |    0.008194      1.43%     97.14% |    0.008193      1.43%     98.57% |    0.008191      1.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.573715                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014165                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028844                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000798                       |    0.000740                       |    0.000806                       |    0.000772                       |    0.000764                       |    0.000771                       |    0.000820                       |    0.000789                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005539                       |    0.001897                       |    0.001665                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001713                       |    0.001719                       |    0.001643                       |    0.001663                       |    0.001693                       |    0.001766                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001773                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001631                       |    0.001658                       |    0.001829                       |    0.001710                       |    0.001716                       |    0.001769                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001740                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001758                       |    0.001729                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001912                       |    0.001865                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002161                       |    0.005639                       |    0.005484                       |    0.005487                       |    0.005465                       |    0.000309                       |           0                       |    0.000213                       |    0.001030                       |    0.000106                       |    0.000097                       |    0.000104                       |    0.000105                       |    0.000097                       |    0.000101                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000102                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001718                       |    0.000313                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002111                       |    0.000867                       |    0.001231                       |    0.001595                       |    0.000103                       |    0.001765                       |    0.004406                       |    0.001157                       |           0                       |    0.001813                       |    0.003863                       |           0                       |    0.003641                       |    0.007387                       |    0.001697                       |    0.001202                       |    0.001570                       |    0.000106                       |    0.003407                       |    0.002852                       |    0.010793                       |    0.001111                       |    0.001712                       |    0.000097                       |    0.007452                       |    0.002903                       |    0.002134                       |           0                       |    0.001706                       |    0.003719                       |           0                       |    0.007307                       |    0.003203                       |    0.002149                       |           0                       |    0.001726                       |           0                       |    0.003675                       |    0.001613                       |    0.001533                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |           0                       |    0.001758                       |    0.000872                       |           0                       |    0.001796                       |           0                       |    0.001134                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001869                       |    0.001184                       |    0.001588                       |    0.000102                       |    0.001890                       |    0.003704                       |    0.004264                       |    0.001826                       |    0.001212                       |    0.001605                       |    0.000104                       |    0.003037                       |    0.007530                       |    0.005893                       |    0.002547                       |    0.037224                       |    0.004618                       |    0.000213                       |    0.002522                       |    0.012250                       |    0.015687                       |    0.003375                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001765                       |    0.001030                       |    0.002587                       |    0.006518                       |    0.012074                       |    0.003095                       |    0.001158                       |    0.001587                       |    0.000105                       |    0.004157                       |    0.004839                       |    0.006971                       |    0.003077                       |           0                       |    0.001635                       |           0                       |    0.001668                       |    0.003501                       |    0.003416                       |    0.002546                       |           0                       |    0.001630                       |           0                       |    0.000923                       |    0.001729                       |    0.001809                       |           0                       |    0.001647                       |           0                       |    0.000228                       |    0.001740                       |    0.001643                       |           0                       |    0.001736                       |           0                       |    0.001296                       |    0.001648                       |    0.003503                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.001888                       |    0.003721                       |           0                       |    0.001095                       |    0.003635                       |    0.006710                       |    0.001549                       |    0.001149                       |    0.001540                       |    0.000097                       |    0.018089                       |    0.003394                       |    0.002184                       |    0.001941                       |    0.001158                       |    0.001589                       |    0.000101                       |    0.001482                       |    0.007360                       |    0.002454                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.001907                       |    0.003711                       |           0                       |    0.001574                       |    0.007359                       |    0.003011                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.001624                       |           0                       |    0.000761                       |    0.003438                       |    0.001497                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |    0.001613                       |           0                       |    0.000074                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001619                       |           0                       |    0.001643                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001733                       |           0                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.000609                       |           0                       |    0.003223                       |           0                       |    0.001549                       |           0                       |    0.001628                       |    0.000468                       |    0.004247                       |           0                       |    0.001941                       |           0                       |    0.008445                       |    0.001463                       |    0.001334                       |           0                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.000548                       |    0.005165                       |    0.001545                       |           0                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.002568                       |    0.004214                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003522                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001619                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001753                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.573715                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4073298                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4073298                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2664309                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2108263                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.129823                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          278577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8732556                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48176                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4992119                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8780732                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5036529                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13724675                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92586                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13817261                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3503035                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3512478                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3503035                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3512478                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 74114936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13410642                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               24114066                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4073298                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2386840                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              55993150                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310902                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3502382                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70549726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.622637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62475108     88.55%     88.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1016710      1.44%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           642536      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           736992      1.04%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           603504      0.86%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           676631      0.96%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           608397      0.86%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           352220      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3437628      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70549726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054959                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.325360                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8397283                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55729443                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4131789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2000724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41328182                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9281023                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30346548                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5172785                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19676661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40302569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1447182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46551084                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      97685507                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36679079                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9871997                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13697186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4446955                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5197696                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       396093                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       250412                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39278955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       192764                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41571988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168659                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261408                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54475                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70549726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.589258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54779494     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5747803      8.15%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3022869      4.28%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2682535      3.80%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1906005      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1052656      1.49%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861502      1.22%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300366      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196496      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70549726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92706     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74150      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27385879     65.88%     66.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8869517     21.34%     87.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5065406     12.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41571988                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.560912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798135                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019199                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    154660441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46740023                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36093275                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       42195969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       564725                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431723                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5120242                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4285390                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24797785                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39471719                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4446955                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5197696                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       183901                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          77073                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      41161878                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8725883                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13723714                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2996939                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            4997831                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.555379                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               36159811                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              36093295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20515939                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          33176920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.486991                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.618380                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447333                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       138289                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69383494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.461091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57568529     82.97%     82.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4199260      6.05%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3521427      5.08%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1414638      2.04%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       784793      1.13%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       248576      0.36%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355254      0.51%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335619      0.48%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       955398      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69383494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     18168827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       31992121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                8079753                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3313780                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2663723                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31707858                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       204895                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23756074     74.26%     74.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3313780     10.36%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4765973     14.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     31992121                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        955398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            107805381                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            80049313                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82761                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3565210                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            18168827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              31992121                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.079236                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.079236                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.245144                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.245144                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         63316234                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27861279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15355379                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13109940                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20288288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                503280000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            503280000.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-3.35544e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1604076                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.107308                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.360059                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       19.517736                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1548074     96.51%     96.51% |       46260      2.88%     99.39% |        9214      0.57%     99.97% |         523      0.03%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1604076                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1673966                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.900524                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.789820                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.719438                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1214777     72.57%     72.57% |      456763     27.29%     99.86% |        2170      0.13%     99.98% |         221      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1673966                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         29050                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.215250                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.035206                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.913921                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         458      1.58%      1.58% |        5475     18.85%     20.42% |       13375     46.04%     66.46% |        6404     22.04%     88.51% |        3271     11.26%     99.77% |          61      0.21%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           29050                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3537918                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.187869                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.992108                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          91.694718                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3467932     98.02%     98.02% |       45575      1.29%     99.31% |        9932      0.28%     99.59% |        7416      0.21%     99.80% |        4013      0.11%     99.91% |        1791      0.05%     99.96% |         838      0.02%     99.99% |         272      0.01%    100.00% |         129      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3537918                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3271221                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000932                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000804                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030511                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3268173     99.91%     99.91% |        3048      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3271221                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266697                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     217.731718                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    132.346765                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    262.494879                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      196711     73.76%     73.76% |       45575     17.09%     90.85% |        9932      3.72%     94.57% |        7416      2.78%     97.35% |        4013      1.50%     98.86% |        1791      0.67%     99.53% |         838      0.31%     99.84% |         272      0.10%     99.94% |         129      0.05%     99.99% |          20      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266697                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4788417                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           11.040915                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.598231                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          43.855077                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4766036     99.53%     99.53% |       18152      0.38%     99.91% |        3202      0.07%     99.98% |         663      0.01%     99.99% |         206      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4788417                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4564080                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000438                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000378                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020944                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4562080     99.96%     99.96% |        1999      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4564080                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224337                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     174.622398                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    145.062025                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    113.918977                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      201956     90.02%     90.02% |       18152      8.09%     98.11% |        3202      1.43%     99.54% |         663      0.30%     99.84% |         206      0.09%     99.93% |         101      0.05%     99.97% |          40      0.02%     99.99% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224337                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3496118                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.800032                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.353369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.916427                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3483651     99.64%     99.64% |       10382      0.30%     99.94% |        1833      0.05%     99.99% |          51      0.00%     99.99% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3496118                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3374918                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3374914    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3374918                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.769282                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.491116                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.424028                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108733     89.71%     89.71% |       10382      8.57%     98.28% |        1833      1.51%     99.79% |          51      0.04%     99.83% |          94      0.08%     99.91% |          91      0.08%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8960                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       211877                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access         7612                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    19146                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    17768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    19328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18470                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    18296                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    18396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    19527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    18685                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   2862                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   2985                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2987                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     3532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     3182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3393                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     3601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     3483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                22008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                20328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                22176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                21168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                21000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                21168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                22512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                21672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  188348                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  152810                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  182851                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  170469                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  166687                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  164498                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  218831                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  203321                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   18864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   17424                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   19008                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   18144                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   18000                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   18144                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   19296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   18576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   3144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2904                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   3168                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   3024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   3000                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   3024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   3096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                16437                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                15247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                16583                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                15849                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                15698                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                15781                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                16750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                16027                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2427                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2177                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2425                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2295                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2302                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2363                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2546                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2549                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2709                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2521                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2745                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2621                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2598                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2615                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2777                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2658                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               383                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               423                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               403                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               402                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               409                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               439                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               438                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      131                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      121                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      132                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      126                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      125                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      126                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      134                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      129                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 892100                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 891680                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 893934                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 893777                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 891086                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 896564                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 888399                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 888105                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    6288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    5808                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    6336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    6048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    6000                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    6048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    6432                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    6192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                819869                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                823567                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                824218                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                826026                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                820205                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                831327                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                815964                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                815888                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             136240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             125840                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             137280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             131040                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             130000                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             131040                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             139360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             134160                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               557027                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               527877                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               545835                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               542371                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               530344                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               535987                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               582556                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               554635                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           819869                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           823567                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           824218                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           826026                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           820205                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           831327                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           815964                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           815888                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        136240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        125840                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        137280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        131040                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        130000                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        131040                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        139360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        134160                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          525427                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          497853                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          515669                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          511553                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          498750                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          502805                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          539995                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          517408                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             881755                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             881639                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             884998                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             883263                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             882554                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             885231                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             878764                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             878217                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3858                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles             14228                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles             11073                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              6950                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              7220                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              3491                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              9278                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles             13281                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739516                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739456                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739460                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739453                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739472                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739612                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           356205                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           431039                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           339541                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           421223                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           387539                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           413761                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           253070                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           332706                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1008                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1092                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1001                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               973                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               917                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               969                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               989                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               948                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               964                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1               944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5977                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5524                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              5875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              5904                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5495                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           42423                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           26186                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           37576                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles           36373                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           27403                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           29320                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           54567                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles           48485                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286981                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73262     25.53%     25.53% |       71317     24.85%     50.38% |       71355     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287005                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26047     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104047                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286981                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26047     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104047                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3392232     95.83%     95.83% |          10      0.00%     95.83% |       18864      0.53%     96.37% |       17424      0.49%     96.86% |       19008      0.54%     97.40% |       18157      0.51%     97.91% |       18014      0.51%     98.42% |       18156      0.51%     98.93% |       19306      0.55%     99.48% |       18576      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3539747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3496180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3496180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4904909     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |        3087      0.06%     99.57% |        2846      0.06%     99.63% |        3110      0.06%     99.69% |        2966      0.06%     99.75% |        2942      0.06%     99.81% |        2966      0.06%     99.87% |        3160      0.06%     99.94% |        3038      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4929024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13040     59.49%     59.49% |          10      0.05%     59.53% |        1113      5.08%     64.61% |        1059      4.83%     69.44% |        1140      5.20%     74.64% |        1134      5.17%     79.82% |        1093      4.99%     84.80% |        1092      4.98%     89.79% |        1121      5.11%     94.90% |        1118      5.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499119     80.88%     80.88% |           0      0.00%     80.88% |       15077      2.44%     83.33% |       13887      2.25%     85.58% |       15196      2.46%     88.04% |       14538      2.36%     90.39% |       14422      2.34%     92.73% |       14535      2.36%     95.09% |       15481      2.51%     97.60% |       14839      2.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       617094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         129     12.62%     12.62% |         121     11.84%     24.46% |         132     12.92%     37.38% |         127     12.43%     49.80% |         125     12.23%     62.04% |         126     12.33%     74.36% |         133     13.01%     87.38% |         129     12.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         768     12.57%     12.66% |         726     11.89%     24.54% |         787     12.88%     37.43% |         755     12.36%     49.79% |         741     12.13%     61.92% |         750     12.28%     74.20% |         802     13.13%     87.33% |         774     12.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161480     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       12564      4.83%     66.98% |       11622      4.47%     71.45% |       12670      4.88%     76.32% |       12122      4.66%     80.99% |       12022      4.63%     85.61% |       12118      4.66%     90.28% |       12882      4.96%     95.23% |       12385      4.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         787     12.88%     12.97% |         720     11.79%     24.75% |         786     12.87%     37.62% |         741     12.13%     49.75% |         749     12.26%     62.02% |         748     12.25%     74.26% |         804     13.16%     87.43% |         768     12.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338514     95.10%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |        2238      0.63%     95.73% |        2057      0.58%     96.31% |        2252      0.63%     96.94% |        2151      0.60%     97.54% |        2125      0.60%     98.14% |        2147      0.60%     98.74% |        2278      0.64%     99.38% |        2198      0.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377358     78.28%     78.28% |           0      0.00%     78.28% |       13409      2.78%     81.06% |       12334      2.56%     83.62% |       13514      2.80%     86.42% |       12840      2.66%     89.08% |       12798      2.65%     91.74% |       12896      2.68%     94.41% |       13740      2.85%     97.26% |       13192      2.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       482081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      161997     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.78% |       13362      5.01%     65.80% |       12342      4.63%     70.43% |       13464      5.05%     75.48% |       12872      4.83%     80.31% |       12771      4.79%     85.10% |       12871      4.83%     89.93% |       13686      5.13%     95.06% |       13158      4.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2227      0.95%     93.51% |        2057      0.88%     94.39% |        2244      0.96%     95.35% |        2142      0.92%     96.27% |        2125      0.91%     97.17% |        2142      0.92%     98.09% |        2278      0.97%     99.06% |        2193      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.63%     55.63% |           0      0.00%     55.63% |        1113      5.63%     61.26% |        1044      5.28%     66.54% |        1140      5.76%     72.30% |        1053      5.32%     77.63% |        1093      5.53%     83.16% |        1092      5.52%     88.68% |        1121      5.67%     94.35% |        1118      5.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         164    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         383     26.47%     26.47% |           0      0.00%     26.47% |         126      8.71%     35.18% |         132      9.12%     44.30% |         127      8.78%     53.08% |         182     12.58%     65.65% |         120      8.29%     73.95% |         121      8.36%     82.31% |         131      9.05%     91.36% |         125      8.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3374918    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3374918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.63%     99.63% |           5      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |        1542      1.16%     92.07% |        1421      1.07%     93.14% |        1555      1.17%     94.32% |        1480      1.12%     95.43% |        1466      1.11%     96.54% |        1484      1.12%     97.66% |        1581      1.19%     98.85% |        1522      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1693135     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |        5502      0.32%     97.84% |        5082      0.29%     98.14% |        5544      0.32%     98.46% |        5272      0.30%     98.76% |        5229      0.30%     99.06% |        5273      0.30%     99.36% |        5610      0.32%     99.69% |        5418      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1736065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26143    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         477     87.52%     87.52% |           5      0.92%     88.44% |           0      0.00%     88.44% |          15      2.75%     91.19% |           0      0.00%     91.19% |          48      8.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134776     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       11421      5.10%     65.30% |       10476      4.68%     69.97% |       11510      5.14%     75.11% |       10929      4.88%     80.00% |       10906      4.87%     84.87% |       10972      4.90%     89.77% |       11691      5.22%     94.99% |       11221      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       223902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         768     12.59%     12.59% |         726     11.90%     24.49% |         785     12.87%     37.36% |         755     12.38%     49.74% |         741     12.15%     61.89% |         750     12.30%     74.18% |         801     13.13%     87.31% |         774     12.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1524595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1524595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4659188     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         860      0.02%     99.87% |         789      0.02%     99.89% |         866      0.02%     99.91% |         824      0.02%     99.93% |         817      0.02%     99.95% |         824      0.02%     99.96% |         882      0.02%     99.98% |         845      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4665895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     95.22%     95.22% |           0      0.00%     95.22% |           0      0.00%     95.22% |           0      0.00%     95.22% |           0      0.00%     95.22% |          10      4.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     93.96%     93.96% |           0      0.00%     93.96% |        1988      0.77%     94.73% |        1858      0.72%     95.45% |        2004      0.78%     96.22% |        1911      0.74%     96.96% |        1892      0.73%     97.70% |        1924      0.75%     98.44% |        2049      0.79%     99.24% |        1971      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         129     12.62%     12.62% |         121     11.84%     24.46% |         132     12.92%     37.38% |         127     12.43%     49.80% |         125     12.23%     62.04% |         126     12.33%     74.36% |         133     13.01%     87.38% |         129     12.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     86.93%     86.93% |           0      0.00%     86.93% |           0      0.00%     86.93% |           0      0.00%     86.93% |           0      0.00%     86.93% |          36      3.44%     90.36% |          38      3.63%     93.99% |          34      3.24%     97.23% |          29      2.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161480     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       12564      4.83%     66.98% |       11622      4.47%     71.45% |       12670      4.88%     76.32% |       12122      4.66%     80.99% |       12022      4.63%     85.61% |       12118      4.66%     90.28% |       12882      4.96%     95.23% |       12385      4.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         787     12.88%     12.97% |         720     11.79%     24.75% |         786     12.87%     37.62% |         741     12.13%     49.75% |         749     12.26%     62.02% |         748     12.25%     74.26% |         804     13.16%     87.43% |         768     12.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121881     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          11      0.01%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           8      0.01%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216633     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2227      0.95%     93.51% |        2057      0.88%     94.39% |        2244      0.96%     95.35% |        2142      0.92%     96.27% |        2125      0.91%     97.17% |        2142      0.92%     98.09% |        2278      0.97%     99.06% |        2193      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.32%     97.32% |           0      0.00%     97.32% |           0      0.00%     97.32% |           0      0.00%     97.32% |           0      0.00%     97.32% |          13      0.71%     98.03% |          14      0.77%     98.80% |          12      0.66%     99.45% |          10      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377358     78.28%     78.28% |           0      0.00%     78.28% |       13409      2.78%     81.06% |       12334      2.56%     83.62% |       13512      2.80%     86.42% |       12817      2.66%     89.08% |       12798      2.65%     91.74% |       12896      2.68%     94.41% |       13739      2.85%     97.26% |       13192      2.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       482055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.69%      7.69% |          23     88.46%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.91% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3696      3.05%     20.94% |        3241      2.67%     23.62% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.13% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.96% |        3273      2.70%     61.66% |        2997      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3905      3.22%     88.13% |        5096      4.20%     92.33% |        4947      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121214                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47056     17.64%     17.64% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6460      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.74% |        6719      2.52%     28.26% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6109      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6550      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8658      3.25%     43.51% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7706      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.23% |        5932      2.22%     54.46% |        6307      2.36%     56.82% |       10303      3.86%     60.69% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6864      2.57%     65.72% |        6962      2.61%     68.33% |        7223      2.71%     71.04% |        7625      2.86%     73.89% |        6634      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6567      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6314      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7135      2.68%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7235      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16456      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.50% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6749      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8267      3.53%     67.66% |        7093      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.85% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234048                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56753     11.77%     11.77% |       15389      3.19%     14.97% |       12598      2.61%     17.58% |       14651      3.04%     20.62% |       13180      2.73%     23.35% |       12564      2.61%     25.96% |       12092      2.51%     28.47% |       12753      2.65%     31.11% |       12950      2.69%     33.80% |       12611      2.62%     36.41% |       15362      3.19%     39.60% |       15615      3.24%     42.84% |       13986      2.90%     45.74% |       13069      2.71%     48.45% |       11855      2.46%     50.91% |       12310      2.55%     53.47% |       10366      2.15%     55.62% |       12649      2.62%     58.24% |       13084      2.71%     60.95% |       14067      2.92%     63.87% |       14746      3.06%     66.93% |       15709      3.26%     70.19% |       13563      2.81%     73.00% |       13597      2.82%     75.82% |       13679      2.84%     78.66% |       13242      2.75%     81.41% |       13093      2.72%     84.12% |       12802      2.66%     86.78% |       15407      3.20%     89.98% |       13829      2.87%     92.85% |       16201      3.36%     96.21% |       18289      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       482061                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           6     13.04%     17.39% |           2      4.35%     21.74% |           4      8.70%     30.43% |           2      4.35%     34.78% |           4      8.70%     43.48% |           2      4.35%     47.83% |           2      4.35%     52.17% |           2      4.35%     56.52% |           4      8.70%     65.22% |           2      4.35%     69.57% |           2      4.35%     73.91% |           4      8.70%     82.61% |           8     17.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.26%      4.26% |        4608      3.09%      7.35% |        4629      3.10%     10.45% |        4611      3.09%     13.54% |        4596      3.08%     16.62% |        4608      3.09%     19.70% |        4611      3.09%     22.79% |        4598      3.08%     25.87% |        4613      3.09%     28.96% |        4619      3.09%     32.05% |        4619      3.09%     35.14% |        4612      3.09%     38.23% |        4596      3.08%     41.31% |        4607      3.09%     44.39% |        4600      3.08%     47.47% |        4601      3.08%     50.56% |        4634      3.10%     53.66% |        4613      3.09%     56.75% |        4630      3.10%     59.85% |        4619      3.09%     62.94% |        4611      3.09%     66.03% |        4631      3.10%     69.13% |        4615      3.09%     72.22% |        4612      3.09%     75.31% |        4626      3.10%     78.41% |        4624      3.10%     81.50% |        4618      3.09%     84.60% |        4608      3.09%     87.68% |        4611      3.09%     90.77% |        4596      3.08%     93.85% |        4597      3.08%     96.92% |        4592      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149333                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.23%      3.23% |        3272      3.14%      6.37% |        3301      3.17%      9.54% |        3267      3.14%     12.68% |        3273      3.14%     15.82% |        3238      3.11%     18.93% |        3246      3.12%     22.04% |        3246      3.12%     25.16% |        3250      3.12%     28.28% |        3285      3.15%     31.43% |        3297      3.16%     34.60% |        3262      3.13%     37.73% |        3277      3.15%     40.87% |        3272      3.14%     44.01% |        3275      3.14%     47.16% |        3245      3.12%     50.27% |        3256      3.13%     53.40% |        3246      3.12%     56.52% |        3245      3.12%     59.63% |        3214      3.09%     62.72% |        3235      3.11%     65.82% |        3218      3.09%     68.91% |        3235      3.11%     72.02% |        3210      3.08%     75.10% |        3256      3.13%     78.22% |        3286      3.15%     81.38% |        3272      3.14%     84.52% |        3214      3.09%     87.60% |        3252      3.12%     90.72% |        3240      3.11%     93.84% |        3214      3.09%     96.92% |        3208      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104172                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.20% |        8919      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8890      3.10%     65.91% |        8893      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8907      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286980                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7895      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52     23.96%     23.96% |           3      1.38%     25.35% |           6      2.76%     28.11% |           5      2.30%     30.41% |           4      1.84%     32.26% |           4      1.84%     34.10% |           3      1.38%     35.48% |           7      3.23%     38.71% |           5      2.30%     41.01% |           6      2.76%     43.78% |           5      2.30%     46.08% |           4      1.84%     47.93% |           6      2.76%     50.69% |           4      1.84%     52.53% |           5      2.30%     54.84% |           2      0.92%     55.76% |           3      1.38%     57.14% |           5      2.30%     59.45% |           8      3.69%     63.13% |           6      2.76%     65.90% |           4      1.84%     67.74% |           8      3.69%     71.43% |          10      4.61%     76.04% |           5      2.30%     78.34% |           6      2.76%     81.11% |           5      2.30%     83.41% |           7      3.23%     86.64% |           7      3.23%     89.86% |           7      3.23%     93.09% |           4      1.84%     94.93% |           7      3.23%     98.16% |           4      1.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3050     49.81%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |        3053     49.86%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           3      0.05%     99.72% |           1      0.02%     99.74% |           2      0.03%     99.77% |           1      0.02%     99.79% |           2      0.03%     99.82% |           1      0.02%     99.84% |           1      0.02%     99.85% |           1      0.02%     99.87% |           2      0.03%     99.90% |           1      0.02%     99.92% |           1      0.02%     99.93% |           1      0.02%     99.95% |           3      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2196     50.00%     50.00% |           1      0.02%     50.02% |           1      0.02%     50.05% |           1      0.02%     50.07% |           0      0.00%     50.07% |           0      0.00%     50.07% |           1      0.02%     50.09% |           0      0.00%     50.09% |           0      0.00%     50.09% |           1      0.02%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |        2191     49.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4392                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2612     15.10%     15.10% |         374      2.16%     17.26% |         387      2.24%     19.50% |         386      2.23%     21.73% |         393      2.27%     24.01% |         383      2.21%     26.22% |         396      2.29%     28.51% |         396      2.29%     30.80% |         383      2.21%     33.01% |         393      2.27%     35.29% |         423      2.45%     37.73% |         419      2.42%     40.15% |         423      2.45%     42.60% |         422      2.44%     45.04% |         427      2.47%     47.51% |         425      2.46%     49.97% |        2622     15.16%     65.12% |         412      2.38%     67.51% |         407      2.35%     69.86% |         388      2.24%     72.10% |         386      2.23%     74.34% |         394      2.28%     76.61% |         390      2.25%     78.87% |         390      2.25%     81.12% |         418      2.42%     83.54% |         429      2.48%     86.02% |         433      2.50%     88.52% |         398      2.30%     90.82% |         399      2.31%     93.13% |         400      2.31%     95.44% |         396      2.29%     97.73% |         392      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17296                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3050     49.93%     49.93% |           1      0.02%     49.95% |           1      0.02%     49.97% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           1      0.02%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      0.02%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |        3053     49.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60412     12.23%     12.23% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12751      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13334      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15512      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14131      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12004      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13964      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13239      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14904      3.02%     67.37% |       15873      3.21%     70.59% |       13722      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13251      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15564      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16357      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493929                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.15% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.36% |         373      3.02%     27.38% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.33%     40.38% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.60% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      2.99%     62.90% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      2.99%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.33%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3809      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.28% |        3800      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124028                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           3     13.04%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           2      8.70%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           2      8.70%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           2      8.70%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           4     17.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2595     15.51%     15.51% |         358      2.14%     17.65% |         373      2.23%     19.88% |         372      2.22%     22.11% |         379      2.27%     24.37% |         368      2.20%     26.57% |         379      2.27%     28.84% |         385      2.30%     31.14% |         370      2.21%     33.35% |         381      2.28%     35.63% |         408      2.44%     38.07% |         406      2.43%     40.49% |         412      2.46%     42.96% |         408      2.44%     45.39% |         410      2.45%     47.85% |         403      2.41%     50.25% |        2602     15.55%     65.81% |         389      2.33%     68.13% |         387      2.31%     70.45% |         367      2.19%     72.64% |         362      2.16%     74.80% |         370      2.21%     77.02% |         371      2.22%     79.23% |         367      2.19%     81.43% |         396      2.37%     83.79% |         407      2.43%     86.23% |         413      2.47%     88.70% |         377      2.25%     90.95% |         379      2.27%     93.22% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38222     28.13%     28.13% |        3910      2.88%     31.01% |        2560      1.88%     32.90% |        3477      2.56%     35.45% |        2873      2.11%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.29% |        2274      1.67%     40.96% |        2453      1.81%     42.77% |        2723      2.00%     44.77% |        2732      2.01%     46.78% |        4788      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.23% |        3898      2.87%     57.10% |        2597      1.91%     59.01% |        2100      1.55%     60.55% |        2513      1.85%     62.40% |        3425      2.52%     64.93% |        2743      2.02%     66.94% |        2989      2.20%     69.14% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3405      2.51%     73.97% |        3808      2.80%     76.77% |        2805      2.06%     78.83% |        2818      2.07%     80.91% |        2751      2.02%     82.93% |        2662      1.96%     84.89% |        2506      1.84%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.36% |        3310      2.44%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3465      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135861                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11237     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.72%     17.35% |        1589      1.93%     19.28% |        2771      3.36%     22.65% |        1926      2.34%     24.98% |        1853      2.25%     27.23% |        1444      1.75%     28.98% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.35% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.96% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1519      1.84%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.22% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.95% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.11% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.56% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82393                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.26%      4.26% |        4599      3.08%      7.34% |        4620      3.10%     10.44% |        4603      3.08%     13.52% |        4589      3.08%     16.60% |        4600      3.08%     19.68% |        4605      3.09%     22.77% |        4596      3.08%     25.85% |        4612      3.09%     28.94% |        4618      3.09%     32.03% |        4615      3.09%     35.13% |        4611      3.09%     38.22% |        4595      3.08%     41.30% |        4605      3.09%     44.38% |        4599      3.08%     47.47% |        4600      3.08%     50.55% |        4632      3.10%     53.65% |        4613      3.09%     56.75% |        4627      3.10%     59.85% |        4618      3.09%     62.94% |        4610      3.09%     66.03% |        4625      3.10%     69.13% |        4613      3.09%     72.22% |        4610      3.09%     75.31% |        4623      3.10%     78.41% |        4623      3.10%     81.51% |        4616      3.09%     84.60% |        4605      3.09%     87.69% |        4608      3.09%     90.78% |        4589      3.08%     93.85% |        4589      3.08%     96.93% |        4584      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149209                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         764      0.88%      0.88% |        2905      3.35%      4.23% |        2918      3.36%      7.59% |        2885      3.32%     10.91% |        2883      3.32%     14.23% |        2859      3.29%     17.52% |        2854      3.29%     20.81% |        2845      3.28%     24.09% |        2863      3.30%     27.39% |        2888      3.33%     30.71% |        2873      3.31%     34.02% |        2840      3.27%     37.29% |        2849      3.28%     40.57% |        2848      3.28%     43.85% |        2844      3.28%     47.13% |        2819      3.25%     50.38% |         633      0.73%     51.11% |        2829      3.26%     54.36% |        2833      3.26%     57.63% |        2818      3.25%     60.87% |        2845      3.28%     64.15% |        2820      3.25%     67.40% |        2836      3.27%     70.66% |        2815      3.24%     73.91% |        2834      3.26%     77.17% |        2852      3.28%     80.46% |        2833      3.26%     83.72% |        2810      3.24%     86.96% |        2848      3.28%     90.24% |        2842      3.27%     93.51% |        2818      3.25%     96.76% |        2817      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86820                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3050     49.93%     49.93% |           1      0.02%     49.95% |           1      0.02%     49.97% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           1      0.02%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      0.02%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |        3053     49.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         510     49.90%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |         512     50.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1022                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56751     11.77%     11.77% |       15389      3.19%     14.97% |       12598      2.61%     17.58% |       14651      3.04%     20.62% |       13180      2.73%     23.35% |       12564      2.61%     25.96% |       12092      2.51%     28.47% |       12753      2.65%     31.11% |       12950      2.69%     33.80% |       12611      2.62%     36.41% |       15362      3.19%     39.60% |       15615      3.24%     42.84% |       13986      2.90%     45.74% |       13069      2.71%     48.45% |       11855      2.46%     50.91% |       12310      2.55%     53.47% |       10362      2.15%     55.62% |       12649      2.62%     58.24% |       13084      2.71%     60.95% |       14067      2.92%     63.87% |       14746      3.06%     66.93% |       15709      3.26%     70.19% |       13563      2.81%     73.00% |       13597      2.82%     75.82% |       13679      2.84%     78.66% |       13242      2.75%     81.41% |       13093      2.72%     84.12% |       12802      2.66%     86.78% |       15407      3.20%     89.98% |       13829      2.87%     92.85% |       16201      3.36%     96.21% |       18289      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       482055                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      0.96%      0.96% |           9      1.44%      2.41% |          10      1.61%      4.01% |          10      1.61%      5.62% |          11      1.77%      7.38% |          11      1.77%      9.15% |          13      2.09%     11.24% |          16      2.57%     13.80% |          17      2.73%     16.53% |          16      2.57%     19.10% |          16      2.57%     21.67% |          16      2.57%     24.24% |          16      2.57%     26.81% |          16      2.57%     29.37% |          21      3.37%     32.74% |          23      3.69%     36.44% |          21      3.37%     39.81% |          28      4.49%     44.30% |          25      4.01%     48.31% |          29      4.65%     52.97% |          28      4.49%     57.46% |          28      4.49%     61.96% |          28      4.49%     66.45% |          28      4.49%     70.95% |          26      4.17%     75.12% |          27      4.33%     79.45% |          26      4.17%     83.63% |          27      4.33%     87.96% |          25      4.01%     91.97% |          19      3.05%     95.02% |          14      2.25%     97.27% |          17      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          623                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           3     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     25.00%     75.00% |           2     16.67%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           5     62.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7895      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           3     13.04%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           2      8.70%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           2      8.70%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           2      8.70%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           4     17.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.80%      0.80% |           1      0.80%      1.60% |           4      3.20%      4.80% |           4      3.20%      8.00% |           4      3.20%     11.20% |           2      1.60%     12.80% |           2      1.60%     14.40% |           6      4.80%     19.20% |           5      4.00%     23.20% |           5      4.00%     27.20% |           3      2.40%     29.60% |           3      2.40%     32.00% |           5      4.00%     36.00% |           2      1.60%     37.60% |           5      4.00%     41.60% |           2      1.60%     43.20% |           2      1.60%     44.80% |           5      4.00%     48.80% |           6      4.80%     53.60% |           5      4.00%     57.60% |           4      3.20%     60.80% |           5      4.00%     64.80% |           8      6.40%     71.20% |           4      3.20%     74.40% |           4      3.20%     77.60% |           4      3.20%     80.80% |           5      4.00%     84.80% |           5      4.00%     88.80% |           4      3.20%     92.00% |           2      1.60%     93.60% |           5      4.00%     97.60% |           3      2.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          125                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           2     10.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           2     10.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           3     15.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      1.05%      1.05% |           8      1.67%      2.72% |           6      1.26%      3.97% |           6      1.26%      5.23% |           7      1.46%      6.69% |           9      1.88%      8.58% |          11      2.30%     10.88% |          10      2.09%     12.97% |          12      2.51%     15.48% |          11      2.30%     17.78% |          13      2.72%     20.50% |          13      2.72%     23.22% |          11      2.30%     25.52% |          14      2.93%     28.45% |          16      3.35%     31.80% |          21      4.39%     36.19% |          19      3.97%     40.17% |          23      4.81%     44.98% |          19      3.97%     48.95% |          21      4.39%     53.35% |          23      4.81%     58.16% |          21      4.39%     62.55% |          19      3.97%     66.53% |          22      4.60%     71.13% |          21      4.39%     75.52% |          22      4.60%     80.13% |          20      4.18%     84.31% |          20      4.18%     88.49% |          20      4.18%     92.68% |          16      3.35%     96.03% |           8      1.67%     97.70% |          11      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          478                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2196     50.06%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |           0      0.00%     50.06% |        2191     49.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4387                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2595     15.51%     15.51% |         358      2.14%     17.65% |         373      2.23%     19.88% |         372      2.22%     22.11% |         379      2.27%     24.37% |         368      2.20%     26.57% |         379      2.27%     28.84% |         385      2.30%     31.14% |         370      2.21%     33.35% |         381      2.28%     35.63% |         408      2.44%     38.07% |         406      2.43%     40.49% |         412      2.46%     42.96% |         408      2.44%     45.39% |         410      2.45%     47.85% |         403      2.41%     50.25% |        2602     15.55%     65.81% |         389      2.33%     68.13% |         387      2.31%     70.45% |         367      2.19%     72.64% |         362      2.16%     74.80% |         370      2.21%     77.02% |         371      2.22%     79.23% |         367      2.19%     81.43% |         396      2.37%     83.79% |         407      2.43%     86.23% |         413      2.47%     88.70% |         377      2.25%     90.95% |         379      2.27%     93.22% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |          14     73.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5735      4.62%      4.62% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.88% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.66% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3809      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3791      3.06%     53.98% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.07%     63.19% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3800      3.06%     69.33% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.64% |        3806      3.07%     84.71% |        3784      3.05%     87.76% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124009                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         403      3.26%      3.26% |         358      2.89%      6.15% |         375      3.03%      9.18% |         371      3.00%     12.18% |         378      3.06%     15.24% |         365      2.95%     18.19% |         379      3.06%     21.25% |         386      3.12%     24.37% |         373      3.02%     27.39% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.77% |         404      3.27%     37.04% |         412      3.33%     40.37% |         407      3.29%     43.66% |         408      3.30%     46.96% |         405      3.27%     50.23% |         427      3.45%     53.68% |         390      3.15%     56.83% |         388      3.14%     59.97% |         370      2.99%     62.96% |         364      2.94%     65.90% |         370      2.99%     68.89% |         369      2.98%     71.88% |         367      2.97%     74.84% |         395      3.19%     78.04% |         406      3.28%     81.32% |         412      3.33%     84.65% |         379      3.06%     87.71% |         382      3.09%     90.80% |         382      3.09%     93.89% |         384      3.10%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12371                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60409     12.23%     12.23% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12748      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.96% |       13334      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15512      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14128      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12000      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13963      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13228      2.68%     61.47% |       14224      2.88%     64.35% |       14904      3.02%     67.37% |       15872      3.21%     70.59% |       13722      2.78%     73.36% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13835      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13250      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16357      3.31%     96.26% |       18447      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        3003     51.32%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |           0      0.00%     51.32% |        2848     48.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5851                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          47     18.65%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |         205     81.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          252                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          47     18.65%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |           0      0.00%     18.65% |         205     81.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          252                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        3003     51.28%     51.28% |           1      0.02%     51.30% |           1      0.02%     51.31% |           1      0.02%     51.33% |           0      0.00%     51.33% |           0      0.00%     51.33% |           1      0.02%     51.35% |           0      0.00%     51.35% |           0      0.00%     51.35% |           1      0.02%     51.37% |           0      0.00%     51.37% |           0      0.00%     51.37% |           0      0.00%     51.37% |           0      0.00%     51.37% |           0      0.00%     51.37% |           0      0.00%     51.37% |        2848     48.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5856                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       16573     10.36%     10.36% |       80011     50.00%     60.36% |        8257      5.16%     65.52% |        7570      4.73%     70.25% |        8068      5.04%     75.29% |        8167      5.10%     80.39% |        7529      4.70%     85.10% |        7858      4.91%     90.01% |        8034      5.02%     95.03% |        7955      4.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       160022                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       16573     10.36%     10.36% |       80011     50.00%     60.36% |        8257      5.16%     65.52% |        7570      4.73%     70.25% |        8068      5.04%     75.29% |        8167      5.10%     80.39% |        7529      4.70%     85.10% |        7858      4.91%     90.01% |        8034      5.02%     95.03% |        7955      4.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       160022                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       16573     10.36%     10.36% |       80011     50.00%     60.36% |        8257      5.16%     65.52% |        7570      4.73%     70.25% |        8068      5.04%     75.29% |        8167      5.10%     80.39% |        7529      4.70%     85.10% |        7858      4.91%     90.01% |        8034      5.02%     95.03% |        7955      4.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       160022                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       16573     10.36%     10.36% |       80011     50.00%     60.36% |        8257      5.16%     65.52% |        7570      4.73%     70.25% |        8068      5.04%     75.29% |        8167      5.10%     80.39% |        7529      4.70%     85.10% |        7858      4.91%     90.01% |        8034      5.02%     95.03% |        7955      4.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       160022                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
