
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093339                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93338577500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269506656000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  51169                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    90256                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              112133748                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6065628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   832.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42592411                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75127526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21114880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21114880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11912576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11912576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       329920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             329920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    226218147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            226218147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    127627572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           127627572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    353845718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           353845718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     329920                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186134                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   329920                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186134                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21112384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11912320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21114880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11912576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     4476                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2550                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93338013500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               329920                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186134                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 153990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  36020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  27556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  20353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  15599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   9987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   6579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   5331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  5029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  32837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  35055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  35749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  35680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   3881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   4526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       150964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.753716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.277906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   183.319030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46630     30.89%     30.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44331     29.37%     60.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42569     28.20%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6649      4.40%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4050      2.68%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2195      1.45%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1476      0.98%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          985      0.65%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2079      1.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       150964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.965289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.155324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33095     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.622923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.453730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.783375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30380     91.78%     91.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1837      5.55%     97.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          525      1.59%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          360      1.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 14411109664                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            20596378414                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1649405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    43685.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               62435.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      226.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      127.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   226.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   127.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  250941                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 114097                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    180868.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15192080500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3116620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    75027005500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              576737280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              564482520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              314688000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              308001375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1291243200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1281696000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604331280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601758720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6096108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6096108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        38891105415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38174477760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21885418500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22514039250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69659632395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69540564345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.347563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.071844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20695744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20695744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11495808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11495808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    221727656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            221727656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    123162451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           123162451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    344890107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           344890107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323371                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179622                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323371                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179622                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20693632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11495680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20695744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11495808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           19991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     4350                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2190                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93337743000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323371                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179622                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 150944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  33904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  26815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  20727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  15835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   7770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   6292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   5175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  4873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  31675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  33779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  34466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  34578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   3884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   4046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       142451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.962668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.170711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.756434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42746     30.01%     30.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39647     27.83%     57.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42246     29.66%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6841      4.80%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4092      2.87%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2231      1.57%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1543      1.08%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1019      0.72%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2086      1.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       142451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.123708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.324114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31930     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        31938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.624022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.453818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.785498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29273     91.66%     91.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1834      5.74%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          482      1.51%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          349      1.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        31938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 14062069813                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            20124657313                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1616690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    43490.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               62240.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      221.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      123.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   221.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   123.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  247816                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 112683                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               62.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    185564.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15401607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3116620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    74817139000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              544463640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              532420560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              297078375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              290507250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1266525000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1255394400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583543440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580361760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6096108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6096108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38382730965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37421344170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22331361000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23174682750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69501811140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69350819610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          744.656634                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.038880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20696640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20696640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11495680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11495680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    221737255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            221737255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    123161080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           123161080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    344898335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           344898335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323385                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323385                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20695616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11495616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20696640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11495680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     4312                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2325                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93338435500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323385                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 151434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  33736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  26463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  20154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  15450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   9385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   7699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   6241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  4762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  31629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  33650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  34304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  34623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   4034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   4162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       141662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.233387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.196567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   188.118728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42172     29.77%     29.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39048     27.56%     57.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42524     30.02%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6754      4.77%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4221      2.98%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2316      1.63%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1531      1.08%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1049      0.74%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2047      1.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       141662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.137152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.376526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31893     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        31899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.630866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.457455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.800426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29144     91.36%     91.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1912      5.99%     97.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          500      1.57%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          343      1.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        31899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 14101144878                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            20164313628                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1616845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    43606.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               62356.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      221.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      123.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   221.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   123.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  248073                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 113244                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               63.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    185561.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15439708250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3116620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    74777943750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              542838240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              528096240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              296191500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              288147750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1267032000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1255144800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583614720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580284000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6096108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6096108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38277422325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37356763455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22423737000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23231332500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69486944505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69335877465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.497350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          742.878787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20671680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20671680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11491712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11491712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       322995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             322995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    221469842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            221469842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    123118568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           123118568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    344588410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           344588410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     322996                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179558                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   322996                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179558                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20671040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11491712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20671744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11491712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     4542                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2437                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93337835500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               322996                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179558                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 150582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  33468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  26445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  20337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  15647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   8100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   6405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  5092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  31680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  33844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  34414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  34540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   2841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   4292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       141767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.862387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.817247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   188.475869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42256     29.81%     29.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39573     27.91%     57.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42151     29.73%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6591      4.65%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4174      2.94%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2357      1.66%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1539      1.09%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1030      0.73%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2096      1.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       141767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.106706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.810144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31946     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        31957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.618738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.449530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.780574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29253     91.54%     91.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1881      5.89%     97.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          460      1.44%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          363      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        31957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 14198593634                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            20254562384                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1614925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    43960.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               62710.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      221.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      123.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   221.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   123.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  247697                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 113070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               62.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    185726.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15170710750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3116620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    75047462750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              540509760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              531233640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              294921000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              289859625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1264614000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1254552000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583167600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580335840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6096108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6096108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38122575840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37337032620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22559567250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23248640250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69461464170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69337762695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.224348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          742.898985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16999119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 35.729377                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.186808                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                37.989033                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16522292     97.19%     97.19% |      371604      2.19%     99.38% |       76481      0.45%     99.83% |       21219      0.12%     99.96% |        6041      0.04%     99.99% |        1329      0.01%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16999119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33683059                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.227612                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.790103                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.143600                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    30418403     90.31%     90.31% |     2065476      6.13%     96.44% |      799113      2.37%     98.81% |      270225      0.80%     99.61% |       78801      0.23%     99.85% |       28781      0.09%     99.93% |       11840      0.04%     99.97% |        7304      0.02%     99.99% |        3116      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33683059                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33683055                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              20.615846                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.267240                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             79.624470                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33658005     99.93%     99.93% |       22577      0.07%     99.99% |        2060      0.01%    100.00% |         337      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33683055                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30665700                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.007889                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.006224                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.119554                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    30508042     99.49%     99.49% |       88185      0.29%     99.77% |       54755      0.18%     99.95% |       14641      0.05%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30665700                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3017355                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        199.567389                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       150.043448                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       188.679520                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2992305     99.17%     99.17% |       22577      0.75%     99.92% |        2060      0.07%     99.99% |         337      0.01%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3017355                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         724919                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       724919                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           49                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           35                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           43                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           40                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20863990                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       689382                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21553372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9335797                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9459273                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       949512                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30881                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       293566                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718278                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54369                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        63685                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       285763                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       349448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       113462                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        62815                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       286631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       349446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       112139                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        63698                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       285750                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       349448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       113927                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        61624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       282608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       344232                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       110618                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        48719                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       256392                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       305111                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        99157                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        59371                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       277037                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       336408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       108026                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        59528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       279488                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       339016                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       111939                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        46473                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       250814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       297287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        98011                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       113239                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49837                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       163076                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        49572                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        92747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        50079                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        93364                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        49613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        92863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        48555                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        91819                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        48366                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        91583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        47393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43196                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        90589                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        47592                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        90786                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        49049                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        92257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        48560                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43187                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        91747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        48786                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        91947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        48704                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        91793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        91235                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        47973                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        91186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        50798                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        94069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        48697                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        91892                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        47922                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43101                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        91023                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        48047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        91256                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        48505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        91705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        47712                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43190                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        90902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        49076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43040                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        92116                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        48510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        91666                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        49205                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        92340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        49235                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        92458                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        52012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        95153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        52988                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        96062                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        48275                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        91429                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        48489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        91611                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        48357                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        91520                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47433                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        90668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        90965                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        50331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        93530                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        19307                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18249350                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18249350                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18808594                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18249349                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9061696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9005721                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18249349                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097759                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12307296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12307296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13038323                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12307296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7264198                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7171340                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12307296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.065928                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9651655                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9651655                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10188871                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9651655                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4507436                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4457359                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9651655                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.051702                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8946686                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8946686                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9473649                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8946686                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4281402                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4252002                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8946686                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.047926                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9713899                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9713899                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10305737                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9713899                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5082695                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5005371                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9713899                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.052036                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9179775                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9179775                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9743159                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9179775                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4636923                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4602775                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9179775                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.049175                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10371488                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10371488                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11005696                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10371488                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4419017                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4387960                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10371488                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.055558                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8908556                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8908556                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9587039                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8908556                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4042887                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4016008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8908556                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.047722                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6441346                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6441346                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6763742                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6441346                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3090689                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3067318                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6441346                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.034505                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7524068                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7524068                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7945021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7524068                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3685607                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3659332                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7524068                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.040305                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      4936461                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      4936461                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5184456                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4936461                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2124444                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2106397                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      4936461                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.026444                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3745121                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3745121                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3786427                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3745121                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1715365                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1714305                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3745121                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.020062                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4373672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4373672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4429846                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4373672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2157696                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2155984                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4373672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023429                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3788906                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3788906                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3834075                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3788906                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1720280                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1719126                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3788906                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020297                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2582896                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2582896                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2631140                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2582896                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1033105                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1031848                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2582896                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013836                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3594059                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3594059                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3670663                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3594059                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1441879                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1439879                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3594059                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019253                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4525760                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4525760                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4589448                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4525760                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1717455                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1716012                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4525760                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024244                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3934934                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3934934                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4003326                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3934934                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1530155                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1528262                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3934934                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.021079                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3519907                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3519907                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3600423                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3519907                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1442369                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1440375                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3519907                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018856                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2039105                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2039105                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2105259                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2039105                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       853814                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       851873                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2039105                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1937876                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1937876                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1944667                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1937876                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       952936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       952708                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1937876                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010381                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2331416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2331416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2344576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2331416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1228871                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1227700                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2331416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012489                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2118674                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2118674                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2130896                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2118674                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1043210                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1042850                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2118674                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011349                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1330907                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1330907                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1330907                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1330907                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       592519                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       592491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1330907                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007129                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1891987                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1891987                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1898759                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1891987                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       906517                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       906315                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1891987                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010135                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2287162                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2287162                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2300104                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2287162                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1200116                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1199010                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2287162                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012252                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2103370                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2103370                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2115140                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2103370                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1031029                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1030642                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2103370                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011267                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1337746                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1337746                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1337746                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1337746                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       594792                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       594762                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1337746                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007166                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8328387                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8328387                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8827721                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8328387                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3818647                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3805827                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8328387                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.044614                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7683114                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7683114                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7986728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7683114                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3421605                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3413970                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7683114                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.041157                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8010959                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8010959                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8499446                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8010958                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3419458                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3400447                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8010957                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.042913                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8045521                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8045521                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8444896                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8045520                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3480155                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3468032                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8045520                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.043099                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13848092     29.56%     29.56% |    30004947     64.05%     93.61% |     2992664      6.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     46845703                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13848095     29.56%     29.56% |    30004949     64.05%     93.61% |     2992664      6.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     46845708                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   443016943                       |   761591968                       |    71571941                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   237946596                       |   140569284                       |     3018902                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.991190                       |   25.382213                       |   23.915796                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   17.182627                       |    4.684870                       |    1.008767                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.242218                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     8.144499                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         35.386717                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004045                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.090461      7.26%      7.26% |    0.089670      7.20%     14.46% |    0.089476      7.18%     21.64% |    0.088859      7.13%     28.77% |    0.200932     16.13%     44.90% |    0.200787     16.12%     61.01% |    0.200667     16.11%     77.12% |    0.200652     16.10%     93.22% |    0.021111      1.69%     94.92% |    0.021111      1.69%     96.61% |    0.021106      1.69%     98.31% |    0.021105      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.245936                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031093                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023266                       |    0.000000                       |    0.006327                       |    0.006370                       |    0.006346                       |    0.006235                       |    0.005743                       |    0.006154                       |    0.006202                       |    0.005606                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006245                       |    0.003773                       |    0.003726                       |    0.003763                       |    0.003730                       |    0.003734                       |    0.003732                       |    0.003707                       |    0.003716                       |    0.003790                       |    0.003792                       |    0.003774                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003730                       |    0.003702                       |    0.003707                       |    0.003753                       |    0.003739                       |    0.003748                       |    0.003744                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003816                       |    0.003745                       |    0.003718                       |    0.003725                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003719                       |    0.003748                       |    0.003737                       |    0.003753                       |    0.003842                       |    0.003875                       |    0.010595                       |    0.010383                       |    0.010383                       |    0.010371                       |    0.000129                       |           0                       |    0.003285                       |    0.007173                       |    0.000509                       |    0.000523                       |    0.000501                       |    0.000509                       |    0.000445                       |    0.000496                       |    0.000480                       |    0.000425                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003420                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003853                       |    0.002978                       |    0.008934                       |    0.003411                       |    0.000480                       |    0.004895                       |    0.011717                       |    0.005068                       |           0                       |    0.003423                       |    0.007387                       |           0                       |    0.011565                       |    0.015938                       |    0.006301                       |    0.009136                       |    0.003420                       |    0.000509                       |    0.013203                       |    0.013084                       |    0.012349                       |    0.009172                       |    0.003442                       |    0.000523                       |    0.014998                       |    0.011704                       |    0.008087                       |           0                       |    0.003411                       |    0.007177                       |           0                       |    0.013878                       |    0.009687                       |    0.007005                       |           0                       |    0.003441                       |           0                       |    0.007500                       |    0.004857                       |    0.004264                       |           0                       |    0.003418                       |           0                       |    0.003725                       |    0.002992                       |           0                       |    0.003488                       |           0                       |    0.001633                       |    0.003816                       |    0.003552                       |    0.008023                       |    0.003448                       |    0.000425                       |    0.008690                       |    0.004930                       |    0.011244                       |    0.003545                       |    0.009132                       |    0.003416                       |    0.000501                       |    0.005362                       |    0.012570                       |    0.016509                       |    0.004546                       |    0.025539                       |    0.005218                       |    0.003285                       |    0.010204                       |    0.017903                       |    0.026107                       |    0.009504                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003445                       |    0.007173                       |    0.010309                       |    0.017993                       |    0.017153                       |    0.009854                       |    0.009035                       |    0.003407                       |    0.000509                       |    0.007818                       |    0.013261                       |    0.009682                       |    0.005462                       |           0                       |    0.003427                       |           0                       |    0.002876                       |    0.007482                       |    0.004806                       |    0.004838                       |           0                       |    0.003424                       |           0                       |    0.001552                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003535                       |           0                       |    0.003428                       |           0                       |    0.000765                       |    0.003745                       |    0.003411                       |           0                       |    0.003454                       |           0                       |    0.009029                       |    0.004052                       |    0.006517                       |    0.003392                       |           0                       |    0.003509                       |    0.007177                       |           0                       |    0.006011                       |    0.011313                       |    0.011509                       |    0.003394                       |    0.008198                       |    0.003419                       |    0.000445                       |    0.018111                       |    0.012744                       |    0.009210                       |    0.003432                       |    0.008861                       |    0.003407                       |    0.000496                       |    0.007527                       |    0.014767                       |    0.009250                       |    0.003413                       |           0                       |    0.003504                       |    0.007171                       |           0                       |    0.007057                       |    0.013922                       |    0.008010                       |    0.003434                       |           0                       |    0.003401                       |           0                       |    0.002002                       |    0.007449                       |    0.004013                       |    0.003431                       |           0                       |    0.003417                       |           0                       |    0.000713                       |    0.003719                       |    0.003418                       |           0                       |    0.003411                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003718                       |           0                       |    0.003392                       |           0                       |    0.004048                       |           0                       |    0.006396                       |           0                       |    0.003394                       |           0                       |    0.004882                       |    0.003024                       |    0.007953                       |           0                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.009858                       |    0.005756                       |    0.005198                       |           0                       |    0.003413                       |           0                       |    0.004378                       |    0.009106                       |    0.004182                       |           0                       |    0.003434                       |           0                       |    0.006692                       |    0.008729                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003431                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007492                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003418                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003748                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.245936                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8049576                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8049576                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5815599                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5287496                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.919199                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          589482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13228034                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73163                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14656186                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138483                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13301197                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14794669                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  27884220                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211646                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              28095866                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9466200                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9544                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9475744                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9466200                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9544                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9475744                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                182927455                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31422698                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               49379763                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8049576                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5876978                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             146356212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       279052                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330415                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9465595                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    179103611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.501809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.706347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        161155082     89.98%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1817859      1.01%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2562795      1.43%     92.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           711255      0.40%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3924722      2.19%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1020265      0.57%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1443117      0.81%     96.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           408499      0.23%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6060017      3.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    179103611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044004                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.269942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11485671                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     155084914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6110413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6029897                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392709                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86288246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392709                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13961866                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        94701785                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10674783                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9433863                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      49938598                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84720415                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4940696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90281093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     200487813                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    126996104                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      79114545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11166533                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296310                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          39758897                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6918517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14971812                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1532154                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1369365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83197095                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       545498                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87063159                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270793                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8346110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13317229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96391                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    179103611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144136406     80.48%     80.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14230477      7.95%     88.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7217668      4.03%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4542072      2.54%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3724866      2.08%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2561324      1.43%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023714      1.13%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413910      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253174      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    179103611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104514     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784759     77.88%     88.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118351     11.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338338      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      58923861     67.68%     68.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43647      0.05%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12870859     14.78%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14834391     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87063159                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.475944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007624                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011573                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    354508065                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92096338                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79765579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87732304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1692158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209327                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2680                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8177                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557124                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7556339                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392709                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5301592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84131549                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83742593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6918517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14971812                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       536643                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          94479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8177                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123953                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282532                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406485                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86452015                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12680376                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27353501                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6726035                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14673125                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.472603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79866293                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              79765684                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41515792                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          65706035                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.436051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.631841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8531712                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       449107                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356547                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    177690836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    149849702     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11979628      6.74%     91.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6713319      3.78%     94.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2491917      1.40%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1496034      0.84%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1032942      0.58%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508683      0.29%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904326      0.51%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2714285      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    177690836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42592410                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75127523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20123873                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5709186                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6281735                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          74726436                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       511365                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54762910     72.89%     73.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5709186      7.60%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14414687     19.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75127523                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2714285                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            258503282                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168741894                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85071                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3823844                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42592410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75127523                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.294837                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.294837                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.232838                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.232838                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        131662617                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        57977342                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32094488                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25925499                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41135406                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5526174000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            5526173999.999994                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8352861                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        44.839052                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       32.318002                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       51.570616                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7876151     94.29%     94.29% |      371487      4.45%     98.74% |       76481      0.92%     99.66% |       21219      0.25%     99.91% |        6041      0.07%     99.98% |        1329      0.02%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8352861                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8397674                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.971090                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.730845                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.534522                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5518706     65.72%     65.72% |     2863465     34.10%     99.82% |       14634      0.17%     99.99% |         752      0.01%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8397674                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        248584                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.501002                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.615776                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.535929                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        4475      1.80%      1.80% |       29433     11.84%     13.64% |       85087     34.23%     47.87% |       58809     23.66%     71.53% |       51058     20.54%     92.07% |       15390      6.19%     98.26% |        3818      1.54%     99.79% |         469      0.19%     99.98% |          42      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          248584                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8861643                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           42.864033                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.709249                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         119.590552                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8844899     99.81%     99.81% |       15008      0.17%     99.98% |        1409      0.02%    100.00% |         272      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8861643                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      7020812                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.023512                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.018424                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.210191                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6917445     98.53%     98.53% |       54387      0.77%     99.30% |       36320      0.52%     99.82% |       12595      0.18%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        7020812                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1840831                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     194.813240                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    141.157682                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    199.263601                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1824087     99.09%     99.09% |       15008      0.82%     99.91% |        1409      0.08%     99.98% |         272      0.01%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1840831                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15133796                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           18.077522                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.982274                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          71.867751                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15125493     99.95%     99.95% |        7566      0.05%    100.00% |         651      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15133796                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14095622                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.005445                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004375                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.094409                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14041430     99.62%     99.62% |       33699      0.24%     99.85% |       18435      0.13%     99.99% |        2046      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14095622                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1038174                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     222.715943                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    182.676557                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    174.155606                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1029871     99.20%     99.20% |        7566      0.73%     99.93% |         651      0.06%     99.99% |          65      0.01%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1038174                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9459270                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.092031                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.129296                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.675304                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9456465     99.97%     99.97% |        2551      0.03%    100.00% |         227      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9459270                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9335797                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9335797    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9335797                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123473                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.660549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.038618                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.457724                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120668     97.73%     97.73% |        2551      2.07%     99.79% |         227      0.18%     99.98% |          24      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123473                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227042                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.970583                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741401                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.238888                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223075     98.25%     98.25% |        3055      1.35%     99.60% |         776      0.34%     99.94% |          71      0.03%     99.97% |          30      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227042                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212094     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14849                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.573911                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.660259                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.497886                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.28%     73.28% |        3055     20.57%     93.86% |         776      5.23%     99.08% |          71      0.48%     99.56% |          30      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       549633                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     10255238                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        63545                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    68957                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    72709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    68427                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    72499                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    67419                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    72643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    62584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    62116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 280547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 276795                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 281077                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 271789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 237749                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 263821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 276488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 235228                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   225202                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   221742                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   226072                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   218609                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   192811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   212968                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   221698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   190275                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               349504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               349504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               349504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               344288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               305168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               336464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               339072                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               297344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 9044990                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 8832947                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139723271857938                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            139723271766998                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 8967752                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 8839708                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 9139989                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                39840938                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  255168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  255168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  255168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  251360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  222800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  245648                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  247552                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  217088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  94336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  94336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  94336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  92928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  82368                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  90816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  91520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  80256                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                42847                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                45445                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                43168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                46168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                44166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                46963                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                38815                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                40721                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             212321                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             209723                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             212000                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             205192                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             178634                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             198685                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             208737                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             176367                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               26110                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               27264                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               25259                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               26331                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               23253                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               25680                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               23769                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               21395                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             68226                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             67072                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             69077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             66597                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             59115                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             65136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             67751                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             58861                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      134                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      134                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      134                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      132                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      117                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      129                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      130                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      114                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               10916364                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               10848838                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               10846583                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               10873849                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               10931895                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               10862642                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               10888775                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               10944474                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    2144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    1872                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2064                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2080                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1824                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               9822742                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               9767318                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               9768133                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9826912                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               9980732                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               9830639                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               9852211                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              10005506                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            5537091                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            5537552                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            5545041                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            5448627                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            4814857                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            5321673                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            5361823                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            4683195                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3864937                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3977404                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3849099                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3778003                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3594517                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3874770                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3802253                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3539143                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          9822742                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          9767318                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          9768133                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9826912                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          9980732                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          9830639                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          9852211                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         10005506                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       5491554                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       5491607                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       5491544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       5409630                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       4794993                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       5286741                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       5327694                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       4672092                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3631806                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3715283                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3630130                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3590497                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3475373                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3652903                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3612860                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3457261                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           10320504                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           10239849                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           10235883                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           10270118                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           10394584                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           10266873                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           10307905                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           10409202                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         10769235                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         10681283                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         10702904                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         10766596                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10787380                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         10748579                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         10749144                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         10817738                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             73374                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             73428                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             72450                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             70867                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             60499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             68025                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             71596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             59394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              8081                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              8889                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              7814                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              8644                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              7692                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              8508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              6963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              6954                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             13522                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             15130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             13076                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             15361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             14740                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             16009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             10940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             12963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      329895     25.38%     25.38% |      323371     24.88%     50.26% |      323385     24.88%     75.15% |      322996     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1299647                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180317     25.70%     25.70% |      173801     24.77%     50.47% |      173794     24.77%     75.24% |      173731     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701643                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      329920     25.38%     25.38% |      323371     24.88%     50.27% |      323385     24.88%     75.15% |      322995     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1299671                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186134     25.68%     25.68% |      179622     24.78%     50.45% |      179620     24.78%     75.23% |      179558     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724934                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141386     25.01%     25.01% |      141378     25.01%     50.03% |      141399     25.02%     75.04% |      141073     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565236                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      329895     25.38%     25.38% |      323371     24.88%     50.26% |      323385     24.88%     75.15% |      322996     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1299647                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180081     25.69%     25.69% |      173622     24.77%     50.47% |      173620     24.77%     75.24% |      173558     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700881                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141386     25.01%     25.01% |      141378     25.01%     50.03% |      141399     25.02%     75.04% |      141073     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565236                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      329895     25.38%     25.38% |      323371     24.88%     50.26% |      323385     24.88%     75.15% |      322995     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1299646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180081     25.69%     25.69% |      173622     24.77%     50.47% |      173620     24.77%     75.24% |      173558     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700881                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6912983     77.94%     77.94% |          18      0.00%     77.94% |      256044      2.89%     80.83% |      256136      2.89%     83.72% |      256038      2.89%     86.61% |      252144      2.84%     89.45% |      223207      2.52%     91.97% |      246344      2.78%     94.74% |      248586      2.80%     97.55% |      217600      2.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8869100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9459329    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9459329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14641501     95.27%     95.27% |           0      0.00%     95.27% |       95065      0.62%     95.89% |       95115      0.62%     96.51% |       95015      0.62%     97.13% |       93626      0.61%     97.74% |       82862      0.54%     98.28% |       91422      0.59%     98.87% |       92308      0.60%     99.47% |       80792      0.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15367706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17022     10.52%     10.52% |          18      0.01%     10.54% |       18595     11.50%     22.03% |       18732     11.58%     33.61% |       19817     12.25%     45.86% |       17917     11.08%     56.94% |       17439     10.78%     67.72% |       17417     10.77%     78.49% |       18522     11.45%     89.94% |       16266     10.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       161745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      808471     26.68%     26.68% |           0      0.00%     26.68% |      288134      9.51%     36.19% |      289434      9.55%     45.75% |      288322      9.52%     55.26% |      284920      9.40%     64.67% |      257412      8.50%     73.16% |      279275      9.22%     82.38% |      281903      9.30%     91.68% |      251989      8.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3029860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3529     13.08%     13.08% |        3468     12.86%     25.94% |        3533     13.10%     39.04% |        3185     11.81%     50.84% |        3261     12.09%     62.93% |        3502     12.98%     75.91% |        3318     12.30%     88.22% |        3179     11.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        26975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7600     12.70%     12.70% |        7816     13.06%     25.76% |        8225     13.74%     39.49% |        6949     11.61%     51.10% |        7521     12.56%     63.67% |        7380     12.33%     75.99% |        7588     12.68%     88.67% |        6783     11.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        59864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      189964     11.65%     11.65% |          16      0.00%     11.65% |      187380     11.49%     23.13% |      189295     11.60%     34.74% |      185211     11.35%     46.09% |      185530     11.37%     57.47% |      165963     10.17%     67.64% |      182403     11.18%     78.82% |      182013     11.16%     89.98% |      163390     10.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1631165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7813     13.05%     13.05% |        7787     13.01%     26.06% |        8102     13.53%     39.60% |        7363     12.30%     51.90% |        7031     11.74%     63.64% |        7306     12.20%     75.85% |        7931     13.25%     89.09% |        6529     10.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        59864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622869     46.96%     46.96% |           0      0.00%     46.96% |       90570      6.83%     53.79% |       89549      6.75%     60.54% |       92437      6.97%     67.51% |       89714      6.76%     74.28% |       83397      6.29%     80.56% |       87328      6.58%     87.15% |       89544      6.75%     93.90% |       80895      6.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1326303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21     91.30%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686359     26.49%     26.49% |           0      0.00%     26.49% |      247034      9.53%     36.02% |      248986      9.61%     45.63% |      244381      9.43%     55.06% |      245602      9.48%     64.53% |      220234      8.50%     73.03% |      240614      9.29%     82.32% |      240869      9.29%     91.61% |      217345      8.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2591424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      189449     10.30%     10.30% |           9      0.00%     10.30% |      214584     11.66%     21.96% |      215247     11.70%     33.66% |      214443     11.66%     45.31% |      211997     11.52%     56.84% |      190892     10.38%     67.21% |      207501     11.28%     78.49% |      209373     11.38%     89.87% |      186395     10.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1839890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120992    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498922     47.38%     47.38% |           0      0.00%     47.38% |       71179      6.76%     54.14% |       71381      6.78%     60.92% |       71307      6.77%     67.69% |       70610      6.71%     74.40% |       65500      6.22%     80.62% |       69536      6.60%     87.22% |       70115      6.66%     93.88% |       64416      6.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1052966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      7.12%      7.12% |           0      0.00%      7.12% |       18556     11.96%     19.08% |       18686     12.04%     31.12% |       19777     12.74%     43.86% |       17842     11.50%     55.36% |       17365     11.19%     66.55% |       17334     11.17%     77.72% |       18476     11.91%     89.62% |       16102     10.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       155189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         933     99.04%     99.04% |           9      0.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2484    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          57     89.06%     89.06% |           0      0.00%     89.06% |           0      0.00%     89.06% |           3      4.69%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      1.56%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           3      4.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1607      5.57%      5.57% |           0      0.00%      5.57% |        3537     12.25%     17.81% |        3480     12.05%     29.87% |        3542     12.27%     42.13% |        3219     11.15%     53.28% |        3306     11.45%     64.73% |        3555     12.31%     77.04% |        3321     11.50%     88.54% |        3309     11.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        28876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     20.24%     20.24% |           0      0.00%     20.24% |        3914      9.65%     29.89% |        4015      9.90%     39.79% |        4647     11.46%     51.25% |        3793      9.35%     60.60% |        4404     10.86%     71.46% |        3638      8.97%     80.43% |        3979      9.81%     90.24% |        3957      9.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        40554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9335797    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9335797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3461     97.93%     97.93% |           2      0.06%     97.99% |           0      0.00%     97.99% |           5      0.14%     98.13% |           8      0.23%     98.36% |           9      0.25%     98.61% |           3      0.08%     98.70% |           8      0.23%     98.92% |           5      0.14%     99.07% |          33      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     30.99%     30.99% |           0      0.00%     30.99% |       34680      8.93%     39.92% |       33650      8.66%     48.58% |       37315      9.61%     58.19% |       33274      8.57%     66.76% |       32340      8.33%     75.08% |       32356      8.33%     83.41% |       34786      8.96%     92.37% |       29645      7.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       388420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3954382     93.68%     93.68% |           0      0.00%     93.68% |       36626      0.87%     94.55% |       35870      0.85%     95.40% |       36040      0.85%     96.25% |       35531      0.84%     97.09% |       27460      0.65%     97.74% |       34473      0.82%     98.56% |       34158      0.81%     99.37% |       26691      0.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      4221231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35526     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2275     90.71%     90.71% |          16      0.64%     91.35% |          19      0.76%     92.11% |          24      0.96%     93.06% |          18      0.72%     93.78% |          30      1.20%     94.98% |          20      0.80%     95.77% |          41      1.63%     97.41% |          15      0.60%     98.01% |          50      1.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      152077      9.93%      9.93% |           0      0.00%      9.93% |      179618     11.72%     21.65% |      181302     11.83%     33.48% |      176840     11.54%     45.03% |      178420     11.65%     56.67% |      158266     10.33%     67.00% |      174834     11.41%     78.41% |      174309     11.38%     89.79% |      156423     10.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1532089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7564     12.71%     12.71% |        7776     13.07%     25.78% |        8160     13.71%     39.49% |        6897     11.59%     51.09% |        7483     12.58%     63.66% |        7349     12.35%     76.01% |        7524     12.64%     88.66% |        6749     11.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        59502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2759027    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2759027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14106848     98.83%     98.83% |           0      0.00%     98.83% |       23145      0.16%     98.99% |       22930      0.16%     99.15% |       23011      0.16%     99.32% |       22299      0.16%     99.47% |       16855      0.12%     99.59% |       21259      0.15%     99.74% |       21389      0.15%     99.89% |       15824      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14273560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         235     46.26%     46.26% |           0      0.00%     46.26% |          20      3.94%     50.20% |          17      3.35%     53.54% |          13      2.56%     56.10% |          36      7.09%     63.19% |          50      9.84%     73.03% |          34      6.69%     79.72% |          24      4.72%     84.45% |          79     15.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534282     50.44%     50.44% |           0      0.00%     50.44% |       67416      6.36%     56.80% |       67684      6.39%     63.19% |       67541      6.38%     69.56% |       67182      6.34%     75.91% |       61968      5.85%     81.76% |       65780      6.21%     87.97% |       66560      6.28%     94.25% |       60922      5.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1059335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3528     13.09%     13.09% |        3461     12.84%     25.93% |        3529     13.09%     39.02% |        3182     11.80%     50.82% |        3261     12.10%     62.92% |        3500     12.98%     75.90% |        3318     12.31%     88.21% |        3178     11.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        26957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           3     21.43%     50.00% |           3     21.43%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           4     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         120      0.84%      0.84% |           0      0.00%      0.84% |        1884     13.19%     14.03% |        2281     15.97%     30.00% |        2135     14.95%     44.95% |        1877     13.14%     58.09% |        1060      7.42%     65.51% |        1811     12.68%     78.19% |        1924     13.47%     91.66% |        1191      8.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        14283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      189964     11.65%     11.65% |          16      0.00%     11.65% |      187380     11.49%     23.13% |      189295     11.60%     34.74% |      185211     11.35%     46.09% |      185530     11.37%     57.47% |      165963     10.17%     67.64% |      182403     11.18%     78.82% |      182013     11.16%     89.98% |      163390     10.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1631165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7813     13.05%     13.05% |        7787     13.01%     26.06% |        8102     13.53%     39.60% |        7363     12.30%     51.90% |        7031     11.74%     63.64% |        7306     12.20%     75.85% |        7931     13.25%     89.09% |        6529     10.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        59864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123890     45.34%     45.34% |           0      0.00%     45.34% |       19391      7.10%     52.43% |       18165      6.65%     59.08% |       21130      7.73%     66.81% |       19104      6.99%     73.80% |       17898      6.55%     80.35% |       17792      6.51%     86.86% |       19429      7.11%     93.97% |       16476      6.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       273275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          11      0.16%      0.16% |           0      0.00%      0.16% |         999     14.57%     14.73% |        1037     15.12%     29.85% |         949     13.84%     43.69% |         948     13.83%     57.52% |         472      6.88%     64.40% |         939     13.69%     78.10% |        1003     14.63%     92.72% |         499      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         6857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498979     47.39%     47.39% |           0      0.00%     47.39% |       71179      6.76%     54.14% |       71384      6.78%     60.92% |       71307      6.77%     67.70% |       70610      6.71%     74.40% |       65499      6.22%     80.62% |       69536      6.60%     87.22% |       70115      6.66%     93.88% |       64419      6.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1053028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21     91.30%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         985     13.22%     13.22% |           0      0.00%     13.22% |         918     12.32%     25.54% |        1004     13.47%     39.01% |         906     12.16%     51.17% |         823     11.04%     62.21% |         451      6.05%     68.26% |         732      9.82%     78.09% |        1076     14.44%     92.53% |         557      7.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         7452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         127      2.28%      2.28% |           0      0.00%      2.28% |         741     13.32%     15.60% |         801     14.40%     30.00% |         697     12.53%     42.52% |         715     12.85%     55.37% |         507      9.11%     64.49% |         626     11.25%     75.74% |         802     14.41%     90.15% |         548      9.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         5564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           7     43.75%     50.00% |           2     12.50%     62.50% |           3     18.75%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           2     12.50%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          36     10.34%     10.34% |          38     10.92%     21.26% |          62     17.82%     39.08% |          49     14.08%     53.16% |          38     10.92%     64.08% |          31      8.91%     72.99% |          60     17.24%     90.23% |          34      9.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686359     26.49%     26.49% |           0      0.00%     26.49% |      246997      9.53%     36.02% |      248941      9.61%     45.63% |      244316      9.43%     55.06% |      245550      9.48%     64.54% |      220195      8.50%     73.03% |      240581      9.29%     82.32% |      240807      9.29%     91.61% |      217308      8.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2591054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          37     10.00%     10.00% |          45     12.16%     22.16% |          65     17.57%     39.73% |          52     14.05%     53.78% |          39     10.54%     64.32% |          33      8.92%     73.24% |          62     16.76%     90.00% |          37     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          370                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3855      3.12%      3.12% |        3689      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3478      2.82%     14.52% |        3971      3.21%     17.74% |        3700      2.99%     20.73% |        3311      2.68%     23.41% |        3509      2.84%     26.25% |        5107      4.13%     30.39% |        3873      3.13%     33.52% |        3791      3.07%     36.59% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4383      3.55%     42.96% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3778      3.06%     49.12% |        4112      3.33%     52.44% |        4149      3.36%     55.80% |        3654      2.96%     58.76% |        3334      2.70%     61.46% |        3066      2.48%     63.94% |        3734      3.02%     66.96% |        3514      2.84%     69.81% |        3355      2.72%     72.52% |        3601      2.91%     75.44% |        3720      3.01%     78.45% |        3238      2.62%     81.07% |        4609      3.73%     84.80% |        3985      3.23%     88.02% |        5243      4.24%     92.27% |        5112      4.14%     96.41% |        4440      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123547                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      117520      6.38%      6.38% |       56375      3.06%      9.44% |       55342      3.00%     12.44% |       56259      3.05%     15.50% |       55488      3.01%     18.51% |       55382      3.01%     21.51% |       55160      2.99%     24.51% |       55027      2.99%     27.49% |       55055      2.99%     30.48% |       55414      3.01%     33.49% |       57228      3.11%     36.59% |       56678      3.08%     39.67% |       55836      3.03%     42.70% |       55120      2.99%     45.69% |       54627      2.96%     48.66% |       54814      2.97%     51.63% |       55817      3.03%     54.66% |       55284      3.00%     57.66% |       55591      3.02%     60.68% |       55786      3.03%     63.71% |       55728      3.02%     66.73% |       56878      3.09%     69.82% |       55987      3.04%     72.86% |       55095      2.99%     75.85% |       55169      2.99%     78.84% |       55535      3.01%     81.86% |       55065      2.99%     84.84% |       54924      2.98%     87.83% |       55358      3.00%     90.83% |       54787      2.97%     93.80% |       55576      3.02%     96.82% |       58589      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1842494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       41746      3.96%      3.96% |       32723      3.11%      7.07% |       32515      3.09%     10.16% |       32763      3.11%     13.27% |       32518      3.09%     16.36% |       32303      3.07%     19.43% |       32721      3.11%     22.53% |       32395      3.08%     25.61% |       32442      3.08%     28.69% |       33046      3.14%     31.83% |       32333      3.07%     34.90% |       32441      3.08%     37.98% |       32548      3.09%     41.07% |       32122      3.05%     44.12% |       32186      3.06%     47.18% |       32233      3.06%     50.24% |       32370      3.07%     53.31% |       32355      3.07%     56.38% |       32745      3.11%     59.49% |       32725      3.11%     62.60% |       32474      3.08%     65.68% |       33594      3.19%     68.87% |       32471      3.08%     71.96% |       32625      3.10%     75.06% |       32537      3.09%     78.15% |       32495      3.09%     81.23% |       32654      3.10%     84.33% |       32649      3.10%     87.43% |       32381      3.07%     90.51% |       32366      3.07%     93.58% |       34532      3.28%     96.86% |       33070      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1053078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      149875      5.78%      5.78% |       79674      3.07%      8.86% |       78376      3.02%     11.88% |       79316      3.06%     14.94% |       78456      3.03%     17.97% |       78219      3.02%     20.99% |       78311      3.02%     24.01% |       77848      3.00%     27.01% |       78004      3.01%     30.02% |       78942      3.05%     33.07% |       79995      3.09%     36.15% |       79416      3.06%     39.22% |       78701      3.04%     42.26% |       77726      3.00%     45.25% |       77286      2.98%     48.24% |       77443      2.99%     51.22% |       78595      3.03%     54.26% |       78301      3.02%     57.28% |       78992      3.05%     60.33% |       79213      3.06%     63.38% |       78602      3.03%     66.42% |       80815      3.12%     69.53% |       78853      3.04%     72.58% |       78235      3.02%     75.59% |       78276      3.02%     78.62% |       78668      3.04%     81.65% |       78424      3.03%     84.68% |       78265      3.02%     87.70% |       78351      3.02%     90.72% |       77779      3.00%     93.72% |       80558      3.11%     96.83% |       82185      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2591700                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      3.57%     10.71% |           2      7.14%     17.86% |           0      0.00%     17.86% |           0      0.00%     17.86% |           0      0.00%     17.86% |           2      7.14%     25.00% |           1      3.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      3.57%     32.14% |           2      7.14%     39.29% |           1      3.57%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           3     10.71%     53.57% |           2      7.14%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           1      3.57%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      3.57%     67.86% |           4     14.29%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           1      3.57%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28176      4.02%      4.02% |       21680      3.09%      7.12% |       21703      3.10%     10.21% |       21687      3.10%     13.31% |       21670      3.09%     16.40% |       21675      3.09%     19.50% |       21679      3.09%     22.59% |       21684      3.09%     25.68% |       21697      3.10%     28.78% |       21705      3.10%     31.88% |       21719      3.10%     34.98% |       21709      3.10%     38.08% |       21669      3.09%     41.17% |       21689      3.10%     44.27% |       21675      3.09%     47.36% |       21677      3.09%     50.45% |       21702      3.10%     53.55% |       21694      3.10%     56.65% |       21700      3.10%     59.74% |       21699      3.10%     62.84% |       21674      3.09%     65.93% |       21709      3.10%     69.03% |       21702      3.10%     72.13% |       21698      3.10%     75.23% |       21709      3.10%     78.33% |       21708      3.10%     81.42% |       21714      3.10%     84.52% |       21688      3.10%     87.62% |       21697      3.10%     90.72% |       21687      3.10%     93.81% |       21686      3.10%     96.91% |       21673      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700634                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17816      3.15%      3.15% |       17685      3.13%      6.28% |       17706      3.13%      9.41% |       17677      3.13%     12.54% |       17640      3.12%     15.65% |       17642      3.12%     18.77% |       17638      3.12%     21.89% |       17701      3.13%     25.02% |       17677      3.13%     28.15% |       17671      3.12%     31.27% |       17710      3.13%     34.41% |       17649      3.12%     37.53% |       17703      3.13%     40.66% |       17664      3.12%     43.78% |       17695      3.13%     46.91% |       17645      3.12%     50.03% |       17651      3.12%     53.15% |       17685      3.13%     56.28% |       17669      3.12%     59.40% |       17605      3.11%     62.52% |       17660      3.12%     65.64% |       17733      3.14%     68.78% |       17663      3.12%     71.90% |       17599      3.11%     75.01% |       17670      3.12%     78.14% |       17695      3.13%     81.27% |       17712      3.13%     84.40% |       17598      3.11%     87.51% |       17656      3.12%     90.63% |       17678      3.13%     93.76% |       17649      3.12%     96.88% |       17642      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       565484                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47103      3.62%      3.62% |       40413      3.11%      6.73% |       40455      3.11%      9.85% |       40410      3.11%     12.96% |       40354      3.10%     16.06% |       40362      3.11%     19.17% |       40363      3.11%     22.27% |       40431      3.11%     25.38% |       40420      3.11%     28.49% |       40423      3.11%     31.60% |       40474      3.11%     34.72% |       40403      3.11%     37.83% |       40417      3.11%     40.94% |       40398      3.11%     44.04% |       40415      3.11%     47.15% |       40367      3.11%     50.26% |       40398      3.11%     53.37% |       40425      3.11%     56.48% |       40415      3.11%     59.59% |       40350      3.10%     62.69% |       40380      3.11%     65.80% |       40489      3.12%     68.92% |       40410      3.11%     72.03% |       40342      3.10%     75.13% |       40425      3.11%     78.24% |       40450      3.11%     81.35% |       40472      3.11%     84.47% |       40330      3.10%     87.57% |       40398      3.11%     90.68% |       40411      3.11%     93.79% |       40381      3.11%     96.89% |       40362      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1299646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46079      3.64%      3.64% |       39389      3.11%      6.75% |       39431      3.11%      9.86% |       39386      3.11%     12.97% |       39330      3.10%     16.07% |       39338      3.11%     19.18% |       39339      3.11%     22.28% |       39407      3.11%     25.39% |       39396      3.11%     28.50% |       39399      3.11%     31.61% |       39450      3.11%     34.73% |       39379      3.11%     37.83% |       39393      3.11%     40.94% |       39374      3.11%     44.05% |       39391      3.11%     47.16% |       39343      3.11%     50.27% |       39374      3.11%     53.38% |       39401      3.11%     56.49% |       39391      3.11%     59.59% |       39326      3.10%     62.70% |       39356      3.11%     65.81% |       39465      3.12%     68.92% |       39386      3.11%     72.03% |       39318      3.10%     75.13% |       39401      3.11%     78.24% |       39426      3.11%     81.35% |       39448      3.11%     84.47% |       39306      3.10%     87.57% |       39374      3.11%     90.68% |       39387      3.11%     93.79% |       39357      3.11%     96.89% |       39338      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1266878                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          72     13.64%     13.64% |          17      3.22%     16.86% |          12      2.27%     19.13% |          11      2.08%     21.21% |          13      2.46%     23.67% |          13      2.46%     26.14% |           6      1.14%     27.27% |          11      2.08%     29.36% |          14      2.65%     32.01% |          17      3.22%     35.23% |          15      2.84%     38.07% |          10      1.89%     39.96% |          10      1.89%     41.86% |           6      1.14%     42.99% |           8      1.52%     44.51% |           7      1.33%     45.83% |          12      2.27%     48.11% |          16      3.03%     51.14% |           9      1.70%     52.84% |          19      3.60%     56.44% |          40      7.58%     64.02% |          42      7.95%     71.97% |          13      2.46%     74.43% |          11      2.08%     76.52% |          19      3.60%     80.11% |          18      3.41%     83.52% |           9      1.70%     85.23% |          14      2.65%     87.88% |          19      3.60%     91.48% |          19      3.60%     95.08% |          17      3.22%     98.30% |           9      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          528                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1846      3.08%      3.08% |        1880      3.14%      6.23% |        1905      3.18%      9.41% |        1899      3.17%     12.58% |        1875      3.13%     15.71% |        1833      3.06%     18.78% |        1874      3.13%     21.91% |        1900      3.17%     25.08% |        1890      3.16%     28.24% |        1868      3.12%     31.36% |        1923      3.21%     34.57% |        1925      3.22%     37.79% |        1920      3.21%     41.00% |        1866      3.12%     44.12% |        1866      3.12%     47.23% |        1877      3.14%     50.37% |        1862      3.11%     53.48% |        1837      3.07%     56.55% |        1868      3.12%     59.67% |        1842      3.08%     62.75% |        1908      3.19%     65.94% |        1855      3.10%     69.04% |        1890      3.16%     72.20% |        1837      3.07%     75.26% |        1873      3.13%     78.39% |        1856      3.10%     81.50% |        1852      3.09%     84.59% |        1825      3.05%     87.64% |        1866      3.12%     90.76% |        1820      3.04%     93.80% |        1871      3.13%     96.92% |        1841      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        59850                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2612      3.07%      3.07% |        2745      3.23%      6.30% |        2727      3.21%      9.51% |        2765      3.25%     12.76% |        2691      3.17%     15.93% |        2675      3.15%     19.08% |        2703      3.18%     22.26% |        2706      3.18%     25.44% |        2618      3.08%     28.52% |        2686      3.16%     31.68% |        2688      3.16%     34.84% |        2724      3.20%     38.05% |        2639      3.10%     41.15% |        2629      3.09%     44.25% |        2622      3.08%     47.33% |        2608      3.07%     50.40% |        2571      3.02%     53.43% |        2561      3.01%     56.44% |        2616      3.08%     59.52% |        2564      3.02%     62.53% |        2614      3.08%     65.61% |        2620      3.08%     68.69% |        2639      3.10%     71.80% |        2626      3.09%     74.89% |        2614      3.08%     77.96% |        2669      3.14%     81.10% |        2646      3.11%     84.22% |        2643      3.11%     87.32% |        2674      3.15%     90.47% |        2699      3.18%     93.65% |        2704      3.18%     96.83% |        2696      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        84994                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2411      3.16%      3.16% |        2358      3.09%      6.26% |        2401      3.15%      9.41% |        2397      3.14%     12.55% |        2392      3.14%     15.69% |        2319      3.04%     18.73% |        2375      3.12%     21.84% |        2419      3.17%     25.02% |        2388      3.13%     28.15% |        2349      3.08%     31.23% |        2439      3.20%     34.43% |        2441      3.20%     37.63% |        2457      3.22%     40.86% |        2385      3.13%     43.98% |        2386      3.13%     47.11% |        2375      3.12%     50.23% |        2380      3.12%     53.35% |        2349      3.08%     56.43% |        2354      3.09%     59.52% |        2306      3.02%     62.55% |        2372      3.11%     65.66% |        2399      3.15%     68.80% |        2378      3.12%     71.92% |        2311      3.03%     74.96% |        2405      3.15%     78.11% |        2403      3.15%     81.26% |        2393      3.14%     84.40% |        2321      3.04%     87.45% |        2402      3.15%     90.60% |        2381      3.12%     93.72% |        2425      3.18%     96.90% |        2362      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        76233                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1846      3.08%      3.08% |        1880      3.14%      6.22% |        1905      3.18%      9.41% |        1899      3.17%     12.58% |        1875      3.13%     15.71% |        1833      3.06%     18.77% |        1874      3.13%     21.90% |        1900      3.17%     25.08% |        1890      3.16%     28.23% |        1868      3.12%     31.35% |        1924      3.21%     34.57% |        1928      3.22%     37.79% |        1921      3.21%     41.00% |        1866      3.12%     44.11% |        1866      3.12%     47.23% |        1877      3.14%     50.37% |        1862      3.11%     53.48% |        1837      3.07%     56.55% |        1868      3.12%     59.67% |        1842      3.08%     62.74% |        1908      3.19%     65.93% |        1856      3.10%     69.03% |        1890      3.16%     72.19% |        1838      3.07%     75.26% |        1873      3.13%     78.39% |        1859      3.11%     81.49% |        1852      3.09%     84.59% |        1825      3.05%     87.64% |        1866      3.12%     90.75% |        1822      3.04%     93.80% |        1872      3.13%     96.92% |        1842      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        59864                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      152829      5.69%      5.69% |       82583      3.08%      8.77% |       81280      3.03%     11.80% |       82230      3.06%     14.86% |       81366      3.03%     17.89% |       81087      3.02%     20.91% |       81214      3.03%     23.94% |       80768      3.01%     26.95% |       80910      3.01%     29.96% |       81832      3.05%     33.01% |       82938      3.09%     36.10% |       82353      3.07%     39.17% |       81633      3.04%     42.21% |       80627      3.00%     45.21% |       80142      2.99%     48.20% |       80344      2.99%     51.19% |       81457      3.03%     54.23% |       81162      3.02%     57.25% |       81811      3.05%     60.30% |       82056      3.06%     63.36% |       81548      3.04%     66.39% |       83754      3.12%     69.51% |       81759      3.05%     72.56% |       81077      3.02%     75.58% |       81169      3.02%     78.61% |       81537      3.04%     81.64% |       81250      3.03%     84.67% |       81114      3.02%     87.69% |       81264      3.03%     90.72% |       80631      3.00%     93.72% |       83449      3.11%     96.83% |       85042      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2684216                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         470      3.24%      3.24% |         416      2.87%      6.11% |         425      2.93%      9.04% |         421      2.90%     11.95% |         433      2.99%     14.93% |         407      2.81%     17.74% |         430      2.97%     20.71% |         474      3.27%     23.98% |         447      3.08%     27.06% |         432      2.98%     30.04% |         459      3.17%     33.21% |         459      3.17%     36.37% |         488      3.37%     39.74% |         469      3.24%     42.97% |         480      3.31%     46.29% |         468      3.23%     49.51% |         480      3.31%     52.82% |         485      3.35%     56.17% |         481      3.32%     59.49% |         450      3.10%     62.59% |         434      2.99%     65.59% |         463      3.19%     68.78% |         426      2.94%     71.72% |         427      2.95%     74.66% |         476      3.28%     77.95% |         497      3.43%     81.38% |         475      3.28%     84.65% |         429      2.96%     87.61% |         450      3.10%     90.72% |         464      3.20%     93.92% |         457      3.15%     97.07% |         425      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24638      4.23%      4.23% |       18051      3.10%      7.33% |       18084      3.10%     10.43% |       18033      3.09%     13.52% |       17981      3.09%     16.61% |       18004      3.09%     19.70% |       17982      3.09%     22.79% |       18014      3.09%     25.88% |       18019      3.09%     28.97% |       18037      3.10%     32.07% |       18077      3.10%     35.17% |       17981      3.09%     38.25% |       17982      3.09%     41.34% |       17986      3.09%     44.43% |       17994      3.09%     47.51% |       17959      3.08%     50.60% |       17968      3.08%     53.68% |       17983      3.09%     56.77% |       17981      3.09%     59.85% |       17951      3.08%     62.93% |       17975      3.08%     66.02% |       18040      3.10%     69.11% |       18042      3.10%     72.21% |       17965      3.08%     75.29% |       17989      3.09%     78.38% |       18002      3.09%     81.47% |       18037      3.10%     84.56% |       17961      3.08%     87.65% |       18005      3.09%     90.74% |       18001      3.09%     93.83% |       17972      3.08%     96.91% |       18000      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       582694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21940      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21957      3.13%     56.25% |       21953      3.13%     59.37% |       21949      3.12%     62.50% |       21971      3.13%     65.63% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21943      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21951      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21941      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21946      3.12%     93.75% |       21952      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702457                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4470      3.07%      3.07% |        4525      3.11%      6.17% |        4500      3.09%      9.26% |        4696      3.22%     12.49% |        4576      3.14%     15.63% |        4586      3.15%     18.78% |        4586      3.15%     21.92% |        4595      3.15%     25.08% |        4526      3.11%     28.18% |        4579      3.14%     31.33% |        4483      3.08%     34.40% |        4627      3.18%     37.58% |        4620      3.17%     40.75% |        4529      3.11%     43.86% |        4569      3.14%     47.00% |        4603      3.16%     50.16% |        4632      3.18%     53.34% |        4445      3.05%     56.39% |        4488      3.08%     59.47% |        4445      3.05%     62.52% |        4530      3.11%     65.63% |        4573      3.14%     68.77% |        4599      3.16%     71.92% |        4619      3.17%     75.09% |        4507      3.09%     78.19% |        4509      3.10%     81.28% |        4470      3.07%     84.35% |        4488      3.08%     87.43% |        4480      3.08%     90.51% |        4548      3.12%     93.63% |        4629      3.18%     96.81% |        4652      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       145684                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.45%      3.45% |           4     13.79%     17.24% |           2      6.90%     24.14% |           4     13.79%     37.93% |           1      3.45%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           5     17.24%     68.97% |           0      0.00%     68.97% |           0      0.00%     68.97% |           0      0.00%     68.97% |           0      0.00%     68.97% |           0      0.00%     68.97% |           5     17.24%     86.21% |           0      0.00%     86.21% |           0      0.00%     86.21% |           0      0.00%     86.21% |           0      0.00%     86.21% |           1      3.45%     89.66% |           1      3.45%     93.10% |           0      0.00%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           7      2.12%      2.12% |           7      2.12%      4.24% |           5      1.52%      5.76% |           9      2.73%      8.48% |          10      3.03%     11.52% |           8      2.42%     13.94% |           8      2.42%     16.36% |           7      2.12%     18.48% |           8      2.42%     20.91% |           7      2.12%     23.03% |          10      3.03%     26.06% |          11      3.33%     29.39% |          16      4.85%     34.24% |          15      4.55%     38.79% |          13      3.94%     42.73% |           6      1.82%     44.55% |          12      3.64%     48.18% |           7      2.12%     50.30% |          15      4.55%     54.85% |          11      3.33%     58.18% |          15      4.55%     62.73% |          10      3.03%     65.76% |          10      3.03%     68.79% |           9      2.73%     71.52% |          13      3.94%     75.45% |          10      3.03%     78.48% |          16      4.85%     83.33% |           9      2.73%     86.06% |          13      3.94%     90.00% |          10      3.03%     93.03% |          13      3.94%     96.97% |          10      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          330                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           1      3.70%     11.11% |           1      3.70%     14.81% |           1      3.70%     18.52% |           2      7.41%     25.93% |           1      3.70%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           1      3.70%     33.33% |           2      7.41%     40.74% |           2      7.41%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           1      3.70%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      3.70%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           1      3.70%     66.67% |           4     14.81%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           2      7.41%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2320      3.15%      3.15% |        2288      3.10%      6.25% |        2336      3.17%      9.42% |        2332      3.16%     12.59% |        2320      3.15%     15.73% |        2245      3.05%     18.78% |        2306      3.13%     21.91% |        2350      3.19%     25.10% |        2315      3.14%     28.24% |        2270      3.08%     31.32% |        2334      3.17%     34.49% |        2362      3.20%     37.69% |        2371      3.22%     40.91% |        2294      3.11%     44.02% |        2306      3.13%     47.15% |        2298      3.12%     50.27% |        2307      3.13%     53.40% |        2272      3.08%     56.48% |        2289      3.11%     59.59% |        2236      3.03%     62.62% |        2298      3.12%     65.74% |        2286      3.10%     68.84% |        2286      3.10%     71.94% |        2245      3.05%     74.99% |        2326      3.16%     78.15% |        2330      3.16%     81.31% |        2315      3.14%     84.45% |        2241      3.04%     87.49% |        2307      3.13%     90.62% |        2298      3.12%     93.74% |        2344      3.18%     96.92% |        2271      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        73698                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86482      8.23%      8.23% |       31844      3.03%     11.26% |       30738      2.93%     14.19% |       31502      3.00%     17.19% |       30934      2.94%     20.13% |       30847      2.94%     23.07% |       30585      2.91%     25.98% |       30418      2.90%     28.88% |       30514      2.90%     31.78% |       30821      2.93%     34.71% |       32601      3.10%     37.82% |       32013      3.05%     40.86% |       31185      2.97%     43.83% |       30609      2.91%     46.75% |       30047      2.86%     49.61% |       30244      2.88%     52.49% |       31216      2.97%     55.46% |       30901      2.94%     58.40% |       31144      2.96%     61.36% |       31436      2.99%     64.36% |       31191      2.97%     67.33% |       32217      3.07%     70.39% |       31311      2.98%     73.37% |       30554      2.91%     76.28% |       30696      2.92%     79.20% |       31080      2.96%     82.16% |       30605      2.91%     85.07% |       30543      2.91%     87.98% |       30918      2.94%     90.93% |       30320      2.89%     93.81% |       30999      2.95%     96.76% |       34015      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1050530                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       18900      5.84%      5.84% |        9926      3.07%      8.91% |        9751      3.01%     11.92% |        9958      3.08%     15.00% |        9719      3.00%     18.00% |        9492      2.93%     20.94% |        9916      3.06%     24.00% |        9607      2.97%     26.97% |        9638      2.98%     29.95% |       10255      3.17%     33.12% |        9580      2.96%     36.08% |        9640      2.98%     39.06% |        9752      3.01%     42.07% |        9314      2.88%     44.95% |        9420      2.91%     47.86% |        9435      2.92%     50.78% |        9569      2.96%     53.74% |        9550      2.95%     56.69% |        9972      3.08%     59.77% |        9937      3.07%     62.84% |        9620      2.97%     65.81% |       10737      3.32%     69.13% |        9699      3.00%     72.13% |        9820      3.03%     75.16% |        9718      3.00%     78.17% |        9693      3.00%     81.16% |        9873      3.05%     84.21% |        9864      3.05%     87.26% |        9588      2.96%     90.23% |        9574      2.96%     93.18% |       11747      3.63%     96.82% |       10305      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       323569                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28164      4.02%      4.02% |       21665      3.09%      7.11% |       21696      3.10%     10.21% |       21681      3.10%     13.31% |       21661      3.09%     16.40% |       21663      3.09%     19.49% |       21673      3.09%     22.59% |       21676      3.10%     25.68% |       21692      3.10%     28.78% |       21692      3.10%     31.88% |       21703      3.10%     34.98% |       21704      3.10%     38.08% |       21666      3.09%     41.17% |       21685      3.10%     44.27% |       21671      3.09%     47.36% |       21671      3.09%     50.46% |       21697      3.10%     53.55% |       21684      3.10%     56.65% |       21694      3.10%     59.75% |       21688      3.10%     62.84% |       21664      3.09%     65.94% |       21697      3.10%     69.03% |       21693      3.10%     72.13% |       21694      3.10%     75.23% |       21697      3.10%     78.33% |       21696      3.10%     81.43% |       21708      3.10%     84.53% |       21680      3.10%     87.62% |       21682      3.10%     90.72% |       21673      3.09%     93.81% |       21676      3.10%     96.91% |       21666      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15399      3.15%      3.15% |       15325      3.13%      6.28% |       15300      3.13%      9.41% |       15275      3.12%     12.53% |       15244      3.12%     15.65% |       15322      3.13%     18.78% |       15263      3.12%     21.90% |       15279      3.12%     25.03% |       15280      3.12%     28.15% |       15318      3.13%     31.28% |       15273      3.12%     34.41% |       15206      3.11%     37.52% |       15240      3.12%     40.63% |       15277      3.12%     43.76% |       15305      3.13%     46.89% |       15269      3.12%     50.01% |       15264      3.12%     53.13% |       15330      3.13%     56.26% |       15312      3.13%     59.39% |       15291      3.13%     62.52% |       15258      3.12%     65.64% |       15305      3.13%     68.77% |       15281      3.12%     71.89% |       15282      3.12%     75.02% |       15258      3.12%     78.14% |       15289      3.13%     81.26% |       15316      3.13%     84.40% |       15271      3.12%     87.52% |       15250      3.12%     90.64% |       15294      3.13%     93.76% |       15218      3.11%     96.88% |       15279      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       489073                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1846      3.08%      3.08% |        1880      3.14%      6.22% |        1905      3.18%      9.41% |        1899      3.17%     12.58% |        1875      3.13%     15.71% |        1833      3.06%     18.77% |        1874      3.13%     21.90% |        1900      3.17%     25.08% |        1890      3.16%     28.23% |        1868      3.12%     31.35% |        1924      3.21%     34.57% |        1928      3.22%     37.79% |        1921      3.21%     41.00% |        1866      3.12%     44.11% |        1866      3.12%     47.23% |        1877      3.14%     50.37% |        1862      3.11%     53.48% |        1837      3.07%     56.55% |        1868      3.12%     59.67% |        1842      3.08%     62.74% |        1908      3.19%     65.93% |        1856      3.10%     69.03% |        1890      3.16%     72.19% |        1838      3.07%     75.26% |        1873      3.13%     78.39% |        1859      3.11%     81.49% |        1852      3.09%     84.59% |        1825      3.05%     87.64% |        1866      3.12%     90.75% |        1822      3.04%     93.80% |        1872      3.13%     96.92% |        1842      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        59864                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         850      3.15%      3.15% |         847      3.14%      6.29% |         816      3.03%      9.32% |         845      3.13%     12.45% |         858      3.18%     15.63% |         860      3.19%     18.82% |         853      3.16%     21.98% |         845      3.13%     25.11% |         850      3.15%     28.26% |         836      3.10%     31.36% |         814      3.02%     34.38% |         837      3.10%     37.48% |         844      3.13%     40.61% |         864      3.20%     43.81% |         825      3.06%     46.87% |         858      3.18%     50.05% |         851      3.15%     53.21% |         848      3.14%     56.35% |         815      3.02%     59.37% |         839      3.11%     62.48% |         858      3.18%     65.66% |         850      3.15%     68.82% |         829      3.07%     71.89% |         854      3.17%     75.05% |         858      3.18%     78.24% |         851      3.15%     81.39% |         820      3.04%     84.43% |         844      3.13%     87.56% |         850      3.15%     90.71% |         846      3.14%     93.85% |         833      3.09%     96.93% |         827      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        26975                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      149862      5.78%      5.78% |       79660      3.07%      8.86% |       78368      3.02%     11.88% |       79299      3.06%     14.94% |       78436      3.03%     17.97% |       78202      3.02%     20.99% |       78295      3.02%     24.01% |       77833      3.00%     27.01% |       77988      3.01%     30.02% |       78927      3.05%     33.07% |       79977      3.09%     36.16% |       79396      3.06%     39.22% |       78671      3.04%     42.26% |       77696      3.00%     45.26% |       77259      2.98%     48.24% |       77430      2.99%     51.23% |       78573      3.03%     54.26% |       78286      3.02%     57.28% |       78963      3.05%     60.33% |       79192      3.06%     63.38% |       78575      3.03%     66.42% |       80797      3.12%     69.53% |       78833      3.04%     72.58% |       78216      3.02%     75.60% |       78251      3.02%     78.62% |       78646      3.04%     81.65% |       78389      3.03%     84.68% |       78248      3.02%     87.70% |       78328      3.02%     90.72% |       77759      3.00%     93.72% |       80533      3.11%     96.83% |       82166      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2591054                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           2     12.50%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           2     12.50%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           2     12.50%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          12      4.71%      4.71% |          13      5.10%      9.80% |           6      2.35%     12.16% |           5      1.96%     14.12% |           8      3.14%     17.25% |          10      3.92%     21.18% |           5      1.96%     23.14% |           8      3.14%     26.27% |           5      1.96%     28.24% |          12      4.71%     32.94% |          14      5.49%     38.43% |           3      1.18%     39.61% |           2      0.78%     40.39% |           4      1.57%     41.96% |           3      1.18%     43.14% |           6      2.35%     45.49% |           5      1.96%     47.45% |          10      3.92%     51.37% |           5      1.96%     53.33% |          11      4.31%     57.65% |          10      3.92%     61.57% |          11      4.31%     65.88% |           9      3.53%     69.41% |           4      1.57%     70.98% |          11      4.31%     75.29% |           8      3.14%     78.43% |           5      1.96%     80.39% |           8      3.14%     83.53% |          15      5.88%     89.41% |          12      4.71%     94.12% |           9      3.53%     97.65% |           6      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          97      3.58%      3.58% |          72      2.65%      6.23% |          70      2.58%      8.81% |          70      2.58%     11.39% |          76      2.80%     14.19% |          75      2.76%     16.96% |          69      2.54%     19.50% |          72      2.65%     22.15% |          82      3.02%     25.18% |          83      3.06%     28.23% |         103      3.80%     32.03% |          81      2.99%     35.02% |          92      3.39%     38.41% |          93      3.43%     41.84% |          84      3.10%     44.93% |          78      2.88%     47.81% |          80      2.95%     50.76% |          83      3.06%     53.81% |          68      2.51%     56.32% |          78      2.88%     59.20% |         104      3.83%     63.03% |         142      5.23%     68.26% |          96      3.54%     71.80% |          72      2.65%     74.46% |          86      3.17%     77.63% |          76      2.80%     80.43% |          81      2.99%     83.41% |          86      3.17%     86.58% |          99      3.65%     90.23% |          86      3.17%     93.40% |          87      3.21%     96.61% |          92      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2713                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     33.82%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |          12     17.65%     51.47% |          14     20.59%     72.06% |          19     27.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           68                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.85%      0.85% |           0      0.00%      0.85% |           2      1.69%      2.54% |          25     21.19%     23.73% |           2      1.69%     25.42% |           1      0.85%     26.27% |           1      0.85%     27.12% |           1      0.85%     27.97% |           2      1.69%     29.66% |           2      1.69%     31.36% |           2      1.69%     33.05% |           2      1.69%     34.75% |           0      0.00%     34.75% |           0      0.00%     34.75% |          55     46.61%     81.36% |          15     12.71%     94.07% |           2      1.69%     95.76% |           2      1.69%     97.46% |           0      0.00%     97.46% |           0      0.00%     97.46% |           1      0.85%     98.31% |           2      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     92.31%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46079      3.64%      3.64% |       39389      3.11%      6.75% |       39431      3.11%      9.86% |       39386      3.11%     12.97% |       39330      3.10%     16.07% |       39338      3.11%     19.18% |       39339      3.11%     22.28% |       39407      3.11%     25.39% |       39396      3.11%     28.50% |       39399      3.11%     31.61% |       39450      3.11%     34.73% |       39379      3.11%     37.83% |       39393      3.11%     40.94% |       39374      3.11%     44.05% |       39391      3.11%     47.16% |       39343      3.11%     50.27% |       39374      3.11%     53.38% |       39401      3.11%     56.49% |       39391      3.11%     59.59% |       39326      3.10%     62.70% |       39356      3.11%     65.81% |       39465      3.12%     68.92% |       39386      3.11%     72.03% |       39318      3.10%     75.13% |       39401      3.11%     78.24% |       39426      3.11%     81.35% |       39448      3.11%     84.47% |       39306      3.10%     87.57% |       39374      3.11%     90.68% |       39387      3.11%     93.79% |       39357      3.11%     96.89% |       39338      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1266878                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          63     23.60%     23.60% |          11      4.12%     27.72% |           5      1.87%     29.59% |           4      1.50%     31.09% |           7      2.62%     33.71% |           8      3.00%     36.70% |           4      1.50%     38.20% |           7      2.62%     40.82% |           3      1.12%     41.95% |          11      4.12%     46.07% |          11      4.12%     50.19% |           3      1.12%     51.31% |           2      0.75%     52.06% |           4      1.50%     53.56% |           3      1.12%     54.68% |           6      2.25%     56.93% |           5      1.87%     58.80% |           9      3.37%     62.17% |           4      1.50%     63.67% |          11      4.12%     67.79% |           9      3.37%     71.16% |           7      2.62%     73.78% |           6      2.25%     76.03% |           4      1.50%     77.53% |          10      3.75%     81.27% |           7      2.62%     83.90% |           4      1.50%     85.39% |           6      2.25%     87.64% |          12      4.49%     92.13% |          10      3.75%     95.88% |           8      3.00%     98.88% |           3      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          267                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           2      4.76%     78.57% |           3      7.14%     85.71% |           2      4.76%     90.48% |           1      2.38%     92.86% |           3      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     17.65%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |          12     70.59%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.00%      5.00% |          19     95.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           9      3.64%      3.64% |           6      2.43%      6.07% |           7      2.83%      8.91% |           7      2.83%     11.74% |           6      2.43%     14.17% |           5      2.02%     16.19% |           2      0.81%     17.00% |           4      1.62%     18.62% |          11      4.45%     23.08% |           6      2.43%     25.51% |           3      1.21%     26.72% |           4      1.62%     28.34% |           7      2.83%     31.17% |           2      0.81%     31.98% |           5      2.02%     34.01% |           1      0.40%     34.41% |           7      2.83%     37.25% |           7      2.83%     40.08% |           5      2.02%     42.11% |           8      3.24%     45.34% |          31     12.55%     57.89% |          34     13.77%     71.66% |           7      2.83%     74.49% |           6      2.43%     76.92% |           9      3.64%     80.57% |           8      3.24%     83.81% |           5      2.02%     85.83% |           8      3.24%     89.07% |           7      2.83%     91.90% |           7      2.83%     94.74% |           8      3.24%     97.98% |           5      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          88      3.57%      3.57% |          66      2.68%      6.24% |          63      2.55%      8.80% |          63      2.55%     11.35% |          70      2.84%     14.19% |          70      2.84%     17.03% |          67      2.72%     19.75% |          68      2.76%     22.51% |          71      2.88%     25.39% |          77      3.12%     28.51% |         100      4.06%     32.56% |          77      3.12%     35.69% |          85      3.45%     39.13% |          91      3.69%     42.82% |          79      3.20%     46.03% |          77      3.12%     49.15% |          73      2.96%     52.11% |          76      3.08%     55.19% |          63      2.55%     57.75% |          70      2.84%     60.58% |          73      2.96%     63.54% |         108      4.38%     67.92% |          89      3.61%     71.53% |          66      2.68%     74.21% |          77      3.12%     77.33% |          68      2.76%     80.09% |          76      3.08%     83.17% |          78      3.16%     86.33% |          92      3.73%     90.06% |          79      3.20%     93.27% |          79      3.20%     96.47% |          87      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2466                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2612      3.07%      3.07% |        2745      3.23%      6.30% |        2727      3.21%      9.51% |        2765      3.25%     12.77% |        2691      3.17%     15.93% |        2675      3.15%     19.08% |        2703      3.18%     22.26% |        2706      3.18%     25.45% |        2618      3.08%     28.53% |        2686      3.16%     31.69% |        2687      3.16%     34.85% |        2722      3.20%     38.05% |        2639      3.11%     41.16% |        2629      3.09%     44.25% |        2622      3.09%     47.34% |        2608      3.07%     50.41% |        2571      3.03%     53.43% |        2561      3.01%     56.44% |        2616      3.08%     59.52% |        2564      3.02%     62.54% |        2614      3.08%     65.62% |        2619      3.08%     68.70% |        2639      3.11%     71.80% |        2626      3.09%     74.89% |        2614      3.08%     77.97% |        2666      3.14%     81.11% |        2643      3.11%     84.22% |        2643      3.11%     87.33% |        2674      3.15%     90.47% |        2697      3.17%     93.65% |        2703      3.18%     96.83% |        2696      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        84981                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2320      3.15%      3.15% |        2288      3.10%      6.25% |        2336      3.17%      9.42% |        2332      3.16%     12.59% |        2320      3.15%     15.73% |        2245      3.05%     18.78% |        2306      3.13%     21.91% |        2350      3.19%     25.10% |        2315      3.14%     28.24% |        2270      3.08%     31.32% |        2334      3.17%     34.49% |        2362      3.20%     37.69% |        2371      3.22%     40.91% |        2294      3.11%     44.02% |        2306      3.13%     47.15% |        2298      3.12%     50.27% |        2307      3.13%     53.40% |        2272      3.08%     56.48% |        2289      3.11%     59.59% |        2236      3.03%     62.62% |        2298      3.12%     65.74% |        2286      3.10%     68.84% |        2286      3.10%     71.94% |        2245      3.05%     74.99% |        2326      3.16%     78.15% |        2330      3.16%     81.31% |        2315      3.14%     84.45% |        2241      3.04%     87.49% |        2307      3.13%     90.62% |        2298      3.12%     93.74% |        2344      3.18%     96.92% |        2271      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        73698                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           2     15.38%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           1      7.69%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           3     23.08%     53.85% |           3     23.08%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           2     15.38%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           1      3.70%     11.11% |           1      3.70%     14.81% |           1      3.70%     18.52% |           2      7.41%     25.93% |           1      3.70%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           1      3.70%     33.33% |           2      7.41%     40.74% |           2      7.41%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           1      3.70%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      3.70%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           1      3.70%     66.67% |           4     14.81%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           2      7.41%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          38      1.85%      1.85% |          35      1.70%      3.55% |          61      2.96%      6.51% |          69      3.35%      9.86% |          67      3.25%     13.11% |          67      3.25%     16.37% |          73      3.55%     19.91% |          59      2.87%     22.78% |          65      3.16%     25.93% |          72      3.50%     29.43% |          73      3.55%     32.98% |          82      3.98%     36.96% |          82      3.98%     40.94% |          89      4.32%     45.26% |          90      4.37%     49.64% |          92      4.47%     54.10% |          97      4.71%     58.81% |          77      3.74%     62.55% |          63      3.06%     65.61% |          58      2.82%     68.43% |          67      3.25%     71.69% |          76      3.69%     75.38% |          65      3.16%     78.53% |          67      3.25%     81.79% |          53      2.57%     84.36% |          40      1.94%     86.30% |          46      2.23%     88.54% |          40      1.94%     90.48% |          42      2.04%     92.52% |          56      2.72%     95.24% |          55      2.67%     97.91% |          43      2.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         2059                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24600      4.24%      4.24% |       18016      3.10%      7.34% |       18023      3.10%     10.44% |       17964      3.09%     13.54% |       17914      3.09%     16.62% |       17937      3.09%     19.71% |       17909      3.08%     22.80% |       17955      3.09%     25.89% |       17954      3.09%     28.98% |       17965      3.09%     32.07% |       18004      3.10%     35.18% |       17899      3.08%     38.26% |       17900      3.08%     41.34% |       17897      3.08%     44.42% |       17904      3.08%     47.51% |       17867      3.08%     50.58% |       17871      3.08%     53.66% |       17906      3.08%     56.75% |       17918      3.09%     59.83% |       17893      3.08%     62.91% |       17908      3.08%     66.00% |       17964      3.09%     69.09% |       17977      3.10%     72.19% |       17898      3.08%     75.27% |       17936      3.09%     78.36% |       17962      3.09%     81.45% |       17991      3.10%     84.55% |       17921      3.09%     87.64% |       17963      3.09%     90.73% |       17945      3.09%     93.82% |       17917      3.09%     96.91% |       17957      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       580635                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         508      3.07%      3.07% |         451      2.72%      5.79% |         486      2.94%      8.73% |         490      2.96%     11.69% |         500      3.02%     14.71% |         474      2.86%     17.57% |         503      3.04%     20.61% |         533      3.22%     23.83% |         512      3.09%     26.92% |         504      3.04%     29.97% |         532      3.21%     33.18% |         541      3.27%     36.45% |         570      3.44%     39.89% |         558      3.37%     43.26% |         570      3.44%     46.71% |         560      3.38%     50.09% |         577      3.49%     53.58% |         562      3.39%     56.97% |         544      3.29%     60.26% |         508      3.07%     63.33% |         501      3.03%     66.35% |         539      3.26%     69.61% |         490      2.96%     72.57% |         494      2.98%     75.55% |         529      3.20%     78.75% |         537      3.24%     81.99% |         521      3.15%     85.14% |         468      2.83%     87.97% |         492      2.97%     90.94% |         520      3.14%     94.08% |         512      3.09%     97.17% |         468      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16554                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21940      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21957      3.13%     56.25% |       21953      3.13%     59.37% |       21949      3.12%     62.50% |       21971      3.13%     65.63% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21943      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21951      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21941      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21946      3.12%     93.75% |       21952      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702457                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.00%      4.00% |           4      8.00%     12.00% |           6     12.00%     24.00% |           5     10.00%     34.00% |           1      2.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           1      2.00%     38.00% |           1      2.00%     40.00% |           1      2.00%     42.00% |           5     10.00%     52.00% |           0      0.00%     52.00% |           5     10.00%     62.00% |           0      0.00%     62.00% |           0      0.00%     62.00% |           0      0.00%     62.00% |           9     18.00%     80.00% |           2      4.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           1      2.00%     86.00% |           1      2.00%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |           1      2.00%     90.00% |           1      2.00%     92.00% |           2      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      2.00%     98.00% |           1      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          46      3.04%      3.04% |          40      2.64%      5.68% |          54      3.57%      9.25% |          60      3.96%     13.21% |          55      3.63%     16.84% |          45      2.97%     19.82% |          59      3.90%     23.71% |          39      2.58%     26.29% |          40      2.64%     28.93% |          34      2.25%     31.18% |          42      2.77%     33.95% |          45      2.97%     36.92% |          45      2.97%     39.89% |          40      2.64%     42.54% |          59      3.90%     46.43% |          37      2.44%     48.88% |          39      2.58%     51.45% |          38      2.51%     53.96% |          45      2.97%     56.94% |          53      3.50%     60.44% |          57      3.76%     64.20% |          48      3.17%     67.37% |          62      4.10%     71.47% |          49      3.24%     74.70% |          49      3.24%     77.94% |          45      2.97%     80.91% |          55      3.63%     84.54% |          66      4.36%     88.90% |          45      2.97%     91.88% |          39      2.58%     94.45% |          49      3.24%     97.69% |          35      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         1514                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.45%      3.45% |           1      3.45%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |           1      3.45%     10.34% |           2      6.90%     17.24% |           0      0.00%     17.24% |           1      3.45%     20.69% |           1      3.45%     24.14% |           1      3.45%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           2      6.90%     48.28% |           0      0.00%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           1      3.45%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           1      3.45%     58.62% |           3     10.34%     68.97% |           3     10.34%     79.31% |           1      3.45%     82.76% |           3     10.34%     93.10% |           0      0.00%     93.10% |           0      0.00%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      152827      5.69%      5.69% |       82579      3.08%      8.77% |       81274      3.03%     11.80% |       82225      3.06%     14.86% |       81365      3.03%     17.89% |       81087      3.02%     20.91% |       81214      3.03%     23.94% |       80768      3.01%     26.95% |       80910      3.01%     29.96% |       81831      3.05%     33.01% |       82937      3.09%     36.10% |       82352      3.07%     39.17% |       81628      3.04%     42.21% |       80627      3.00%     45.21% |       80137      2.99%     48.20% |       80344      2.99%     51.19% |       81457      3.03%     54.23% |       81162      3.02%     57.25% |       81802      3.05%     60.30% |       82054      3.06%     63.36% |       81548      3.04%     66.39% |       83754      3.12%     69.51% |       81759      3.05%     72.56% |       81076      3.02%     75.58% |       81168      3.02%     78.60% |       81537      3.04%     81.64% |       81249      3.03%     84.67% |       81113      3.02%     87.69% |       81262      3.03%     90.72% |       80631      3.00%     93.72% |       83448      3.11%     96.83% |       85041      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2684166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      9.09%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           5      1.86%      1.86% |           7      2.60%      4.46% |           3      1.12%      5.58% |           8      2.97%      8.55% |           9      3.35%     11.90% |           7      2.60%     14.50% |           5      1.86%     16.36% |           7      2.60%     18.96% |           6      2.23%     21.19% |           5      1.86%     23.05% |           8      2.97%     26.02% |           7      2.60%     28.62% |          13      4.83%     33.46% |          14      5.20%     38.66% |          12      4.46%     43.12% |           5      1.86%     44.98% |           7      2.60%     47.58% |           6      2.23%     49.81% |          12      4.46%     54.28% |           9      3.35%     57.62% |          11      4.09%     61.71% |           8      2.97%     64.68% |           9      3.35%     68.03% |           7      2.60%     70.63% |           9      3.35%     73.98% |           9      3.35%     77.32% |          16      5.95%     83.27% |           8      2.97%     86.25% |          10      3.72%     89.96% |           9      3.35%     93.31% |          10      3.72%     97.03% |           8      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          269                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           3     21.43%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     21.43%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1823      3.15%      3.15% |        1842      3.18%      6.33% |        1843      3.18%      9.51% |        1821      3.15%     12.66% |        1823      3.15%     15.81% |        1776      3.07%     18.87% |        1820      3.14%     22.02% |        1857      3.21%     25.23% |        1800      3.11%     28.33% |        1814      3.13%     31.47% |        1861      3.21%     34.68% |        1864      3.22%     37.90% |        1878      3.24%     41.15% |        1772      3.06%     44.21% |        1803      3.11%     47.32% |        1837      3.17%     50.49% |        1812      3.13%     53.62% |        1757      3.03%     56.66% |        1790      3.09%     59.75% |        1789      3.09%     62.84% |        1816      3.14%     65.98% |        1782      3.08%     69.05% |        1812      3.13%     72.18% |        1776      3.07%     75.25% |        1806      3.12%     78.37% |        1802      3.11%     81.48% |        1800      3.11%     84.59% |        1757      3.03%     87.63% |        1810      3.13%     90.75% |        1756      3.03%     93.79% |        1830      3.16%     96.95% |        1768      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        57897                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          23      1.18%      1.18% |          38      1.95%      3.12% |          62      3.17%      6.30% |          78      3.99%     10.29% |          52      2.66%     12.95% |          57      2.92%     15.87% |          54      2.76%     18.64% |          43      2.20%     20.84% |          90      4.61%     25.45% |          54      2.76%     28.21% |          62      3.17%     31.39% |          61      3.12%     34.51% |          42      2.15%     36.66% |          94      4.81%     41.47% |          63      3.23%     44.70% |          40      2.05%     46.75% |          50      2.56%     49.31% |          80      4.10%     53.41% |          78      3.99%     57.40% |          53      2.71%     60.11% |          92      4.71%     64.82% |          73      3.74%     68.56% |          78      3.99%     72.56% |          61      3.12%     75.68% |          67      3.43%     79.11% |          54      2.76%     81.87% |          52      2.66%     84.54% |          68      3.48%     88.02% |          56      2.87%     90.89% |          64      3.28%     94.16% |          41      2.10%     96.26% |          73      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         1953                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          23      1.18%      1.18% |          38      1.95%      3.12% |          62      3.17%      6.30% |          78      3.99%     10.29% |          52      2.66%     12.95% |          57      2.92%     15.87% |          54      2.76%     18.64% |          43      2.20%     20.84% |          90      4.61%     25.45% |          54      2.76%     28.21% |          62      3.17%     31.39% |          61      3.12%     34.51% |          42      2.15%     36.66% |          94      4.81%     41.47% |          63      3.23%     44.70% |          40      2.05%     46.75% |          50      2.56%     49.31% |          80      4.10%     53.41% |          78      3.99%     57.40% |          53      2.71%     60.11% |          92      4.71%     64.82% |          73      3.74%     68.56% |          78      3.99%     72.56% |          61      3.12%     75.68% |          67      3.43%     79.11% |          54      2.76%     81.87% |          52      2.66%     84.54% |          68      3.48%     88.02% |          56      2.87%     90.89% |          64      3.28%     94.16% |          41      2.10%     96.26% |          73      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         1953                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           1      5.88%     11.76% |           1      5.88%     17.65% |           2     11.76%     29.41% |           1      5.88%     35.29% |           1      5.88%     41.18% |           1      5.88%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           1      5.88%     58.82% |           1      5.88%     64.71% |           1      5.88%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           1      5.88%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           2     11.76%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1823      3.15%      3.15% |        1842      3.18%      6.33% |        1843      3.18%      9.51% |        1821      3.14%     12.66% |        1823      3.15%     15.80% |        1776      3.07%     18.87% |        1820      3.14%     22.01% |        1857      3.21%     25.22% |        1800      3.11%     28.33% |        1814      3.13%     31.46% |        1862      3.22%     34.68% |        1867      3.22%     37.90% |        1879      3.24%     41.14% |        1772      3.06%     44.20% |        1803      3.11%     47.32% |        1837      3.17%     50.49% |        1812      3.13%     53.62% |        1757      3.03%     56.65% |        1790      3.09%     59.74% |        1789      3.09%     62.83% |        1816      3.14%     65.97% |        1783      3.08%     69.05% |        1812      3.13%     72.18% |        1777      3.07%     75.24% |        1806      3.12%     78.36% |        1805      3.12%     81.48% |        1800      3.11%     84.59% |        1757      3.03%     87.62% |        1810      3.13%     90.75% |        1758      3.04%     93.78% |        1831      3.16%     96.95% |        1769      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        57911                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      613180     22.89%     22.89% |     1339123     50.00%     72.89% |       95111      3.55%     76.45% |       97581      3.64%     80.09% |       93474      3.49%     83.58% |       95004      3.55%     87.13% |       83048      3.10%     90.23% |       92671      3.46%     93.69% |       89629      3.35%     97.03% |       79425      2.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2678246                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      613180     22.89%     22.89% |     1339123     50.00%     72.89% |       95111      3.55%     76.45% |       97581      3.64%     80.09% |       93474      3.49%     83.58% |       95004      3.55%     87.13% |       83048      3.10%     90.23% |       92671      3.46%     93.69% |       89629      3.35%     97.03% |       79425      2.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2678246                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      613180     22.89%     22.89% |     1339123     50.00%     72.89% |       95111      3.55%     76.45% |       97581      3.64%     80.09% |       93474      3.49%     83.58% |       95004      3.55%     87.13% |       83048      3.10%     90.23% |       92671      3.46%     93.69% |       89629      3.35%     97.03% |       79425      2.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2678246                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      613180     22.89%     22.89% |     1339123     50.00%     72.89% |       95111      3.55%     76.45% |       97581      3.64%     80.09% |       93474      3.49%     83.58% |       95004      3.55%     87.13% |       83048      3.10%     90.23% |       92671      3.46%     93.69% |       89629      3.35%     97.03% |       79425      2.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2678246                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
