
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93994344000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5270162422500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26291                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46276                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56992910                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5545184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1649.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    43360304                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76319447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21076160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21076160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11912768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11912768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       329315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             329315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    224227960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            224227960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    126739200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           126739200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    350967160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           350967160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     329315                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186137                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   329315                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186137                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21073600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11912576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21076160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11912768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            20967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     5092                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     4758                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93993780500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               329315                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186137                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 146355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  29973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  24215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  18963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  15178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   7603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   6630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  5565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  4757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  4138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  5711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  31174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  33610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  34465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  34888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  34830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   4233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   7832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       129834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   254.056842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.812181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   215.756627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        33049     25.45%     25.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36090     27.80%     53.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40540     31.22%     84.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6309      4.86%     89.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4529      3.49%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2260      1.74%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1786      1.38%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1272      0.98%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3999      3.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       129834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.371563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.006393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31720     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           26      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        31747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.863042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.603151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.249485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          28026     88.28%     88.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2261      7.12%     95.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          776      2.44%     97.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          684      2.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        31747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 15547000837                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            21720907087                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1646375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    47215.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               65965.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      224.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      126.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   224.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   126.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.35                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  258675                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 126890                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               68.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    182352.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15259510250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3138460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    75593244750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              498113280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              483409080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              271788000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              263764875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1289191800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1279028400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604195200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601920720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6138827760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6138827760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        39284426790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38564430435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21932826750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22564402500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          70019369580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69895783770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.981351                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          743.666441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20641088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20641088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11491008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11491008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       322517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             322517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    219599256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            219599256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    122252122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           122252122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    341851378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           341851378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     322517                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179547                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   322517                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179547                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20639232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11490816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20641088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11491008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           19920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     3726                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     4587                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93993509000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               322517                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179547                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 142956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  27395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  22947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  18287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  14668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  10547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   9012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   6759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  5748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  4263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  30000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  32303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  33141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  33555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  33575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   4239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   7585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       122259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.794232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.870721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   217.928520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        29785     24.36%     24.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31437     25.71%     50.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40574     33.19%     83.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6581      5.38%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4636      3.79%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2402      1.96%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1745      1.43%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1242      1.02%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3857      3.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       122259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.556720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.294918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30518     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           25      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        30545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.878016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.609308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.291470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26844     87.88%     87.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2219      7.26%     95.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          786      2.57%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          696      2.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        30545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 15246909384                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            21293559384                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1612440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    47279.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               66029.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      219.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      122.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   219.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   122.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  255050                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 124713                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    187214.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15458456250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3138460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    75391181250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              469029960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              455225400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              255919125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              248386875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1263428400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1251790800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583063920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580381200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6138827760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6138827760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38780884800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37817805105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22374530250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23219337000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69865684215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69711754140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          743.346193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          741.708431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20659072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20659072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11492480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11492480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       322798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             322798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    219790587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            219790587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    122267782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           122267782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    342058369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           342058369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     322798                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179570                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   322798                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179570                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20658112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11492480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20659072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11492480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           19967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     4717                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     4952                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93994202500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               322798                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179570                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 143542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  27544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  23246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  19083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  15440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   7387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  5463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  4763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  5365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  30015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  32315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  33156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  33455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  33503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   4129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   7982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       120598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.585117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.444928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   221.349490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        28800     23.88%     23.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30824     25.56%     49.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40458     33.55%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6294      5.22%     88.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4588      3.80%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2467      2.05%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1842      1.53%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1317      1.09%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4008      3.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       120598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.553775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.376314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30548     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           31      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        30581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.871947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.604767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.286370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26930     88.06%     88.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2199      7.19%     95.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          739      2.42%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          713      2.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        30581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 15052317730                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            21104498980                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1613915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    46632.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               65382.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      219.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      122.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   219.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   122.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  255810                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 125935                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    187102.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15502913500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3138460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    75346724000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              461976480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              449706600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              252070500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              245375625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1264372200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1253163600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583115760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580497840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6138827760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6138827760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38669890410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37751368185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22471893750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23277615000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69842146860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69696554610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          743.095764                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          741.546713                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20622720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20622720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11490112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11490112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       322230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             322230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    219403840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            219403840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    122242589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           122242589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    341646429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           341646429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     322231                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179533                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   322231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179533                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20622080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11490112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20622784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11490112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           19937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     3586                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     4506                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93993602500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               322231                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179533                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 143139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  27443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  23005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  18584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  15007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   8876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   6650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  5774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  4093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  30024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  32400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  33216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  33536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  33646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   4245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   7407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       121557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   264.168152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.256164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   218.730032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        29029     23.88%     23.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31518     25.93%     49.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40734     33.51%     83.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6452      5.31%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4525      3.72%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2324      1.91%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1777      1.46%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1269      1.04%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3929      3.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       121557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.533721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.691106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30563     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           23      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        30589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.869201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.602624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.283475                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26965     88.15%     88.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2150      7.03%     95.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          775      2.53%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          699      2.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        30589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 14987044756                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            21028669756                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1611100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    46511.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               65261.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      219.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      122.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   219.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   122.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  254902                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 125285                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               69.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    187326.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15228950500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3138460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    75621039000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              465098760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              453834360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              253774125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              247627875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1261915200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1251276000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            582908400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580433040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6138827760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6138827760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38520496260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37732021245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22602941250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23294586000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69825961755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69698606280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.923560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          741.568543                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1349                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1349                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4875                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              471124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16647225                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 56.381171                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                33.121632                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                95.997248                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    15174888     91.16%     91.16% |      673577      4.05%     95.20% |      359493      2.16%     97.36% |      244041      1.47%     98.83% |      130743      0.79%     99.61% |       38554      0.23%     99.84% |       23137      0.14%     99.98% |        2792      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16647225                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33360005                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.190826                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.910623                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.485630                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29733027     89.13%     89.13% |     1186561      3.56%     92.68% |      233368      0.70%     93.38% |      326129      0.98%     94.36% |      415619      1.25%     95.61% |      463223      1.39%     97.00% |      446414      1.34%     98.33% |      384995      1.15%     99.49% |      170669      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33360005                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33360002                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              27.396916                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.358207                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            105.479692                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33312847     99.86%     99.86% |       46141      0.14%    100.00% |         924      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33360002                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30438612                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.014106                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.010817                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.171719                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    30192788     99.19%     99.19% |      110199      0.36%     99.55% |       93366      0.31%     99.86% |       36634      0.12%     99.98% |        5598      0.02%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30438612                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2921390                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        281.446835                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       205.531957                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       237.305225                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2874235     98.39%     98.39% |       46141      1.58%     99.97% |         924      0.03%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2921390                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         589981                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       589981                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           39                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           30                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           40                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           22                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20436372                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       687635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21124007                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9441838                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9565388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       930458                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30808                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       319843                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718458                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54340                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       140299                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       527349                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       667648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       234733                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       140249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       527399                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       667648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       232097                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits       140015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       527633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       667648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       234142                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits       139839                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       527809                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       667648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       232381                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       110781                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49358                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       160139                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        47174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        42727                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        89901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        47641                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        42890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        90531                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        46951                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        42831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        89782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        46210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        42846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        89056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        45825                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        42863                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        88688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        44695                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        42871                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        87566                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        44956                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        42847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        87803                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        46279                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        42885                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        89164                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        45864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        42883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        88747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        45930                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        42912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        88842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        45696                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        42846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        88542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        45522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        42710                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        88232                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        45258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        42863                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        88121                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        48136                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        42922                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        91058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        45899                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        42858                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        88757                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        45159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        42760                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        87919                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        45481                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        42808                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        88289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        45957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        42828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        88785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        45240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        42800                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        88040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        46306                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        42687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        88993                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        46155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        42731                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        88886                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        46969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        42707                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        89676                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        46562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        42702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        89264                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        49559                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        42673                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        92232                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        50446                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        42694                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        93140                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        45763                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        42594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        88357                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        45916                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        42648                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        88564                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        45620                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        42663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        88283                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        44738                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        42759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        87497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        45189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        42714                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        87903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        47806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        42828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        90634                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         1141                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18320104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18320104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18977358                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18320103                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8968060                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8876855                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18320102                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097453                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12457920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12457920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13289787                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12457920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7195817                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7050916                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12457920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.066270                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     11327150                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     11327150                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12282579                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11327150                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5450173                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5350514                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     11327150                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.060254                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     10920067                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     10920067                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11898143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10920067                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5420190                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5324819                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     10920067                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.058089                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     11035236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     11035236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12213708                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11035236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5757906                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5604904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     11035236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.058702                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     11478746                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     11478746                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12773693                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11478746                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6014970                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5834106                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     11478746                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.061061                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7728111                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7728111                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8081579                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7728111                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2920103                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2846479                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7728111                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041109                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6117900                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6117900                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6472228                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6117900                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2408171                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2336812                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6117900                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.032544                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3638167                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3638167                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3685293                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3638167                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1782745                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1780703                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3638167                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.019353                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4062682                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4062682                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4121505                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4062682                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2151280                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2148034                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4062682                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.021611                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3117177                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3117177                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3176809                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3117177                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1347374                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1344917                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3117177                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.016582                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3860939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3860939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3899488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3860939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1833655                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1832539                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3860939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.020538                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4509303                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4509303                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4564172                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4509303                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2296711                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2294631                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4509303                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023987                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3327636                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3327636                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3366401                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3327636                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1405547                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1404488                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3327636                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.017701                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1970158                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1970158                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2004897                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1970158                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       828777                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       826522                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1970158                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.010480                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3463133                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3463133                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3586623                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3463133                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1411212                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1397033                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3463133                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.018422                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4368948                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4368948                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4423608                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4368948                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1669949                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1664716                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4368948                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023240                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3844364                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3844364                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3892440                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3844364                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1501585                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1498892                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3844364                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020450                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3648778                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3648778                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3739363                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3648778                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1490106                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1483490                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3648778                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.019410                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1988209                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1988209                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2065231                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1988209                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       838292                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       833833                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1988209                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1978976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1978976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1985109                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1978976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       999886                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       999748                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1978976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010527                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2363104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2363104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2374667                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2363104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1273569                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1272592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2363104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012570                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1939715                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1939715                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1952907                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1939715                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       928415                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       928395                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1939715                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.010318                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1298874                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1298874                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1298874                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1298874                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       580928                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       580926                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1298874                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.006909                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1929946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1929946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1935585                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1929946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       950866                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       950730                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1929946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010266                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2325628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2325628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2336810                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2325628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1250614                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1249648                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2325628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012371                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1924366                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1924366                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1937445                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1924366                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       915838                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       915814                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1924366                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.010237                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1305682                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1305682                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1305682                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1305682                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       583306                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       583306                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1305682                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.006946                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7901254                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7901254                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8362235                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7901254                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3600118                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3574690                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7901254                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.042030                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      8159536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      8159536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8498706                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8159536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3708274                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3695212                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      8159536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.043404                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7519055                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7519055                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8121620                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7519055                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3062059                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2982079                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7519055                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.039997                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      7847474                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      7847474                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8346318                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7847474                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3188387                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3141782                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      7847474                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.041744                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12934297     28.62%     28.62% |    29359708     64.96%     93.58% |     2903534      6.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     45197539                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12934299     28.62%     28.62% |    29359709     64.96%     93.58% |     2903534      6.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     45197542                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   422040953                       |   790629372                       |    69042996                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   849999407                       |   138447277                       |     2905426                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.629601                       |   26.929061                       |   23.778952                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   65.716707                       |    4.715554                       |    1.000652                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.358033                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    21.933763                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         50.291796                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003849                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.083200      7.02%      7.02% |    0.082807      6.98%     14.00% |    0.082709      6.98%     20.98% |    0.082320      6.94%     27.92% |    0.193576     16.33%     44.25% |    0.193532     16.32%     60.57% |    0.193537     16.32%     76.90% |    0.193402     16.31%     93.21% |    0.020122      1.70%     94.91% |    0.020126      1.70%     96.60% |    0.020125      1.70%     98.30% |    0.020126      1.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.185581                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029536                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023076                       |    0.000000                       |    0.011532                       |    0.011426                       |    0.011469                       |    0.011504                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006123                       |    0.003670                       |    0.003621                       |    0.003652                       |    0.003623                       |    0.003625                       |    0.003619                       |    0.003595                       |    0.003608                       |    0.003686                       |    0.003689                       |    0.003664                       |    0.003642                       |    0.003624                       |    0.003590                       |    0.003598                       |    0.003639                       |    0.003626                       |    0.003631                       |    0.003623                       |    0.003611                       |    0.003704                       |    0.003630                       |    0.003604                       |    0.003616                       |    0.003633                       |    0.003612                       |    0.003634                       |    0.003635                       |    0.003654                       |    0.003737                       |    0.003769                       |    0.010502                       |    0.010283                       |    0.010292                       |    0.010274                       |    0.000128                       |           0                       |    0.002333                       |    0.005477                       |    0.000777                       |    0.000794                       |    0.000780                       |    0.000792                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003312                       |    0.000130                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003739                       |    0.003347                       |           0                       |    0.003305                       |           0                       |    0.005367                       |    0.007347                       |    0.003334                       |           0                       |    0.003322                       |    0.007329                       |           0                       |    0.010660                       |    0.012074                       |    0.008645                       |    0.016798                       |    0.003314                       |    0.000777                       |    0.015431                       |    0.013447                       |    0.010487                       |    0.016782                       |    0.003335                       |    0.000794                       |    0.016313                       |    0.014648                       |    0.006216                       |           0                       |    0.003315                       |    0.007116                       |           0                       |    0.012804                       |    0.010616                       |    0.009553                       |           0                       |    0.003336                       |           0                       |    0.007280                       |    0.005295                       |    0.004628                       |           0                       |    0.003311                       |           0                       |    0.003616                       |    0.003339                       |           0                       |    0.003383                       |           0                       |    0.001421                       |    0.003704                       |    0.004063                       |           0                       |    0.003349                       |           0                       |    0.001346                       |    0.005456                       |    0.007390                       |    0.004071                       |    0.016798                       |    0.003311                       |    0.000780                       |    0.005116                       |    0.010888                       |    0.016754                       |    0.005054                       |    0.025307                       |    0.005102                       |    0.002333                       |    0.015937                       |    0.017815                       |    0.025604                       |    0.005355                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003345                       |    0.005477                       |    0.015966                       |    0.017766                       |    0.018391                       |    0.005325                       |    0.016811                       |    0.003306                       |    0.000792                       |    0.007540                       |    0.015842                       |    0.010803                       |    0.005967                       |           0                       |    0.003329                       |           0                       |    0.002642                       |    0.007275                       |    0.005399                       |    0.005342                       |           0                       |    0.003321                       |           0                       |    0.001355                       |    0.003633                       |    0.004063                       |           0                       |    0.003319                       |           0                       |    0.000064                       |    0.003630                       |    0.003305                       |           0                       |    0.003352                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002625                       |    0.007319                       |    0.003286                       |           0                       |    0.003407                       |    0.007119                       |           0                       |    0.008978                       |    0.005192                       |    0.012010                       |    0.003290                       |           0                       |    0.003311                       |           0                       |    0.020914                       |    0.006874                       |    0.006685                       |    0.003325                       |           0                       |    0.003300                       |           0                       |    0.009461                       |    0.010438                       |    0.006039                       |    0.003306                       |           0                       |    0.003404                       |    0.007113                       |           0                       |    0.009921                       |    0.012860                       |    0.005123                       |    0.003323                       |           0                       |    0.003302                       |           0                       |    0.001281                       |    0.007236                       |    0.002562                       |    0.003320                       |           0                       |    0.003313                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003612                       |    0.003312                       |           0                       |    0.003305                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003604                       |           0                       |    0.003286                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007194                       |           0                       |    0.003290                       |           0                       |    0.006721                       |           0                       |    0.008410                       |           0                       |    0.003325                       |           0                       |    0.009687                       |    0.004339                       |    0.005889                       |           0                       |    0.003306                       |           0                       |    0.004078                       |    0.007866                       |    0.005200                       |           0                       |    0.003323                       |           0                       |    0.008459                       |    0.007628                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003320                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007256                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003312                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003634                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.185581                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8129219                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8129219                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343281                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5868697                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5340582                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     91.001154                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          615987                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30786                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13286158                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73223                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14868046                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138505                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13359381                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        15006551                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  28154204                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211728                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              28365932                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9572322                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9549                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9581871                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9572322                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9549                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9581871                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                184238988                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31746846                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50148305                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8129219                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5956569                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             147329309                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       279032                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330877                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9571717                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3806                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    180401137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.711020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        162213844     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1857759      1.03%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2576060      1.43%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           724538      0.40%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3967769      2.20%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1030227      0.57%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1486155      0.82%     96.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           411825      0.23%     96.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6132960      3.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    180401137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.272192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11537592                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     156181429                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6117273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6172191                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392645                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       87481306                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392645                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14047800                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        95326908                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10680228                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9534381                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      50419168                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       85913335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5390073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     91235956                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     203298208                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    129116384                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      80068454                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11167474                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292639                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296346                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40523490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7104121                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     15183755                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1672707                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1439156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           84363392                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       572000                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          88308597                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8347013                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13318299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96412                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    180401137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144732738     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14660445      8.13%     88.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7307436      4.05%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4667947      2.59%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3744552      2.08%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2597170      1.44%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023748      1.12%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413915      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253186      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    180401137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104521     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784839     77.88%     88.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118359     11.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338364      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59718935     67.63%     68.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43654      0.05%     68.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13109312     14.84%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15046269     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       88308597                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.479315                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007719                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011411                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    358296594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     93290053                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     80958150                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       88977811                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1798021                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209500                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2682                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8190                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557263                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7590087                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392645                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5426291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84164300                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     84935392                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98528                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7104121                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15183755                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       563145                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         107762                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8190                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282433                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      87697347                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12918756                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400503                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27803736                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6805604                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14884980                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.475998                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               81058745                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              80958255                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          42211511                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          67222665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.439420                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.627936                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8532545                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       475588                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356465                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    178988319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    150776281     84.24%     84.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12165051      6.80%     91.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6739885      3.77%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2518425      1.41%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1522521      0.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1059419      0.59%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508694      0.28%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904339      0.51%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2793704      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    178988319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     43360303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       76319444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20521101                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5894617                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6361242                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          75918338                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       537845                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147657      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     55557581     72.80%     72.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42340      0.06%     73.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5894617      7.72%     80.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14626484     19.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     76319444                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2793704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            260914032                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           171127463                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85185                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3837851                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            43360303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              76319444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.249024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.249024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.235348                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.235348                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        133887873                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        58878451                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32253975                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25978851                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41718422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289279                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               6181940500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            6181940499.999990                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8231709                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        84.744819                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       42.886893                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      129.789738                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6770899     82.25%     82.25% |      662136      8.04%     90.30% |      359407      4.37%     94.66% |      244041      2.96%     97.63% |      130743      1.59%     99.22% |       38554      0.47%     99.69% |       23137      0.28%     99.97% |        2792      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8231709                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8228106                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        28.708204                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.770594                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       14.069579                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8057581     97.93%     97.93% |      158998      1.93%     99.86% |       10705      0.13%     99.99% |         736      0.01%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8228106                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        187410                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.511974                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.786922                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        8.955777                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        3266      1.74%      1.74% |       19884     10.61%     12.35% |       63997     34.15%     46.50% |       45479     24.27%     70.77% |       43079     22.99%     93.75% |       10528      5.62%     99.37% |        1047      0.56%     99.93% |         116      0.06%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          187410                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8220526                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           67.353478                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           7.626031                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         171.408286                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8183703     99.55%     99.55% |       35976      0.44%     99.99% |         765      0.01%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8220526                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6434504                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.049844                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.037854                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.330715                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6261748     97.32%     97.32% |       70788      1.10%     98.42% |       61516      0.96%     99.37% |       34920      0.54%     99.91% |        5521      0.09%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6434504                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1786022                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     299.020273                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    210.093537                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    258.194033                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1749199     97.94%     97.94% |       35976      2.01%     99.95% |         765      0.04%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1786022                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15345720                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           20.784748                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.980349                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          84.279796                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15236692     99.29%     99.29% |       98704      0.64%     99.93% |        9105      0.06%     99.99% |        1052      0.01%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15345720                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14348785                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.007565                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.006038                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.112916                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14275816     99.49%     99.49% |       39312      0.27%     99.77% |       31850      0.22%     99.99% |        1714      0.01%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14348785                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       996935                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     276.649960                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    226.360448                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    198.296083                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      887907     89.06%     89.06% |       98704      9.90%     98.96% |        9105      0.91%     99.88% |        1052      0.11%     99.98% |         127      0.01%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        996935                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9565386                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.082523                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.127943                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.670712                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9562540     99.97%     99.97% |        2583      0.03%    100.00% |         229      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9565386                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9441838                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9441838    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9441838                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123548                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.811547                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.099274                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.097779                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120702     97.70%     97.70% |        2583      2.09%     99.79% |         229      0.19%     99.97% |          26      0.02%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123548                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227066                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.980715                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741896                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.318499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223091     98.25%     98.25% |        3064      1.35%     99.60% |         774      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          30      0.01%     99.98% |          30      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227066                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212209                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212110     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212209                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14857                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.682641                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.709754                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.814919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.24%     73.24% |        3064     20.62%     93.87% |         774      5.21%     99.08% |          70      0.47%     99.55% |          30      0.20%     99.75% |          30      0.20%     99.95% |           7      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14857                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       369369                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7025666                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        69221                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   179500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   183150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   179737                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   183344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 488180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 484530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 487943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 484336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   440593                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   436364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   439484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   436156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               667680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               667680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               667680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               667680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6622421                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140616339688092                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140616340000507                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6461504                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  487456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  487456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  487456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  487456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                 180224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                 180224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                 180224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                 180224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               117838                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               121559                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               118485                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               121651                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             369618                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             365897                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             368971                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             365805                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               61662                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               61591                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               61252                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               61693                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses            118562                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses            118633                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses            118972                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses            118531                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      256                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      256                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      256                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      256                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               12237946                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               12248637                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               12232524                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               12220933                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    4096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    4096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    4096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    4096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               6635865                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               6514713                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               6628216                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               6580302                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles           19603955                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles           19841975                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles           19566751                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles           19642373                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2949692                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2892814                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2997695                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2924049                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          6635865                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          6514713                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          6628216                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          6580302                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time      10486540                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time      10486537                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time      10486540                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time      10486543                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2949303                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2892604                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2996357                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2924049                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            9150623                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            9030383                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            9195142                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            9108123                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         10849058                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         10853987                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         10872704                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         10929022                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             92155                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             92203                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             92529                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             92482                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             17094                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             17554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             17182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             17391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             36575                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             39316                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             36739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             38761                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         2097801                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1916358                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         2155980                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         2062431                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      329290     25.39%     25.39% |      322517     24.87%     50.26% |      322798     24.89%     75.15% |      322231     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1296836                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180320     25.71%     25.71% |      173726     24.77%     50.47% |      173744     24.77%     75.24% |      173706     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      329315     25.39%     25.39% |      322517     24.87%     50.26% |      322798     24.89%     75.15% |      322230     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1296860                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186137     25.68%     25.68% |      179547     24.77%     50.45% |      179570     24.78%     75.23% |      179533     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      140778     25.02%     25.02% |      140599     24.99%     50.02% |      140862     25.04%     75.06% |      140333     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       562572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      329290     25.39%     25.39% |      322517     24.87%     50.26% |      322798     24.89%     75.15% |      322231     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1296836                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180084     25.70%     25.70% |      173547     24.77%     50.47% |      173570     24.77%     75.24% |      173533     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700734                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      140778     25.02%     25.02% |      140599     24.99%     50.02% |      140862     25.04%     75.06% |      140333     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       562572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      329290     25.39%     25.39% |      322517     24.87%     50.26% |      322798     24.89%     75.15% |      322230     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1296835                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180084     25.70%     25.70% |      173547     24.77%     50.47% |      173570     24.77%     75.24% |      173533     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700734                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6271800     75.75%     75.75% |          18      0.00%     75.75% |      501643      6.06%     81.81% |      502502      6.07%     87.88% |      501399      6.06%     93.93% |      502387      6.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8279749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9565444    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9565444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14853306     95.25%     95.25% |           0      0.00%     95.25% |      185444      1.19%     96.43% |      185458      1.19%     97.62% |      185289      1.19%     98.81% |      185335      1.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15594832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       16851     15.32%     15.32% |          18      0.02%     15.33% |       23185     21.08%     36.41% |       22548     20.50%     56.91% |       23267     21.15%     78.05% |       24142     21.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       110011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      806887     25.72%     25.72% |           0      0.00%     25.72% |      581757     18.54%     44.26% |      584023     18.61%     62.87% |      581632     18.54%     81.41% |      583262     18.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3137561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9871     27.01%     27.01% |        9051     24.76%     51.77% |        8996     24.61%     76.38% |        8634     23.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        36552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11034     27.01%     27.02% |        9436     23.10%     50.12% |        9960     24.38%     74.50% |       10415     25.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        40847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      188225     11.32%     11.32% |          16      0.00%     11.32% |      369976     22.24%     33.56% |      367553     22.10%     55.65% |      368428     22.15%     77.80% |      369259     22.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1663457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        9506     23.27%     23.28% |       10509     25.73%     49.00% |       10284     25.18%     74.18% |       10546     25.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        40847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622936     51.18%     51.18% |           0      0.00%     51.18% |      147867     12.15%     63.33% |      149337     12.27%     75.60% |      148921     12.24%     87.84% |      148004     12.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1217065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      684724     26.39%     26.39% |           0      0.00%     26.39% |      477068     18.39%     44.78% |      476851     18.38%     63.17% |      477430     18.40%     81.57% |      478121     18.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2594194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      187867     10.52%     10.52% |           9      0.00%     10.52% |      399070     22.35%     32.88% |      399308     22.37%     55.24% |      399356     22.37%     77.61% |      399628     22.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1785238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      121000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       121000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498917     49.33%     49.33% |           0      0.00%     49.33% |      128139     12.67%     62.00% |      128049     12.66%     74.66% |      128194     12.68%     87.34% |      128090     12.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1011389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051     10.61%     10.61% |           0      0.00%     10.61% |       23185     22.25%     32.86% |       22548     21.64%     54.50% |       23267     22.33%     76.83% |       24142     23.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       104193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         776     98.85%     98.85% |           9      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2550    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          54     13.17%     13.17% |           0      0.00%     13.17% |         140     34.15%     47.32% |          42     10.24%     57.56% |          83     20.24%     77.80% |          91     22.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1660      4.41%      4.41% |           0      0.00%      4.41% |        9672     25.67%     30.08% |        8961     23.78%     53.86% |        8880     23.57%     77.43% |        8505     22.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        37678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     39.88%     39.88% |           0      0.00%     39.88% |        3119     15.16%     55.03% |        2743     13.33%     68.36% |        2978     14.47%     82.83% |        3533     17.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9441838    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9441838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3455     99.94%     99.94% |           2      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120377     42.58%     42.58% |           0      0.00%     42.58% |       39957     14.14%     56.72% |       41033     14.52%     71.24% |       40728     14.41%     85.64% |       40580     14.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       282675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3235389     90.49%     90.49% |           0      0.00%     90.49% |       85235      2.38%     92.88% |       85373      2.39%     95.26% |       85090      2.38%     97.64% |       84263      2.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3575350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35538    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2106     99.25%     99.25% |          16      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      150461      9.50%      9.50% |           0      0.00%      9.50% |      358862     22.65%     32.14% |      358024     22.59%     54.74% |      358388     22.62%     77.36% |      358808     22.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1584543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10925     27.03%     27.03% |        9345     23.12%     50.15% |        9867     24.41%     74.56% |       10281     25.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        40418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2838574    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2838574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14318664     98.57%     98.57% |           0      0.00%     98.57% |       51945      0.36%     98.93% |       52133      0.36%     99.28% |       51947      0.36%     99.64% |       52043      0.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14526732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         239    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534263     52.92%     52.92% |           0      0.00%     52.92% |      118206     11.71%     64.62% |      118827     11.77%     76.39% |      119042     11.79%     88.18% |      119313     11.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1009651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9867     27.00%     27.00% |        9050     24.77%     51.77% |        8993     24.61%     76.38% |        8630     23.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        36540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      0.07%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |       41564     24.48%     24.55% |       43852     25.83%     50.38% |       41532     24.46%     74.85% |       42699     25.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       169766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      188225     11.32%     11.32% |          16      0.00%     11.32% |      369976     22.24%     33.56% |      367553     22.10%     55.65% |      368428     22.15%     77.80% |      369259     22.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1663457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        9506     23.27%     23.28% |       10509     25.73%     49.00% |       10284     25.18%     74.18% |       10546     25.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        40847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123965     60.39%     60.39% |           0      0.00%     60.39% |       19588      9.54%     69.94% |       21246     10.35%     80.29% |       20644     10.06%     90.34% |       19823      9.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       205266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           7      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       13496     25.35%     25.36% |       13326     25.03%     50.38% |       13062     24.53%     74.92% |       13357     25.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        53248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498971     49.32%     49.32% |           0      0.00%     49.32% |      128279     12.68%     61.99% |      128091     12.66%     74.65% |      128277     12.68%     87.33% |      128181     12.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1011799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         987      1.67%      1.67% |           0      0.00%      1.67% |       14219     24.01%     25.68% |       15076     25.46%     51.14% |       13975     23.60%     74.74% |       14961     25.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total        59218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         112      0.54%      0.54% |           0      0.00%      0.54% |        5220     25.17%     25.71% |        5234     25.23%     50.94% |        5065     24.42%     75.36% |        5111     24.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total        20742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           3     25.00%     66.67% |           4     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         109     25.53%     25.53% |          91     21.31%     46.84% |          93     21.78%     68.62% |         134     31.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          427                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      684724     26.40%     26.40% |           0      0.00%     26.40% |      476955     18.39%     44.79% |      476759     18.38%     63.17% |      477334     18.40%     81.57% |      477983     18.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2593755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         113     25.74%     25.74% |          92     20.96%     46.70% |          96     21.87%     68.56% |         138     31.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          439                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3857      3.12%      3.12% |        3689      2.98%      6.10% |        3429      2.77%      8.88% |        3496      2.83%     11.71% |        3477      2.81%     14.52% |        3974      3.21%     17.73% |        3701      2.99%     20.73% |        3312      2.68%     23.40% |        3512      2.84%     26.25% |        5111      4.13%     30.38% |        3876      3.14%     33.52% |        3794      3.07%     36.58% |        3487      2.82%     39.40% |        4387      3.55%     42.95% |        3833      3.10%     46.05% |        3780      3.06%     49.11% |        4116      3.33%     52.44% |        4152      3.36%     55.80% |        3657      2.96%     58.76% |        3336      2.70%     61.46% |        3071      2.48%     63.94% |        3738      3.02%     66.96% |        3516      2.84%     69.81% |        3358      2.72%     72.52% |        3602      2.91%     75.44% |        3723      3.01%     78.45% |        3239      2.62%     81.07% |        4612      3.73%     84.80% |        3994      3.23%     88.03% |        5246      4.24%     92.27% |        5111      4.13%     96.41% |        4442      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123628                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      115816      6.48%      6.48% |       54762      3.07%      9.55% |       53605      3.00%     12.55% |       54407      3.05%     15.59% |       53736      3.01%     18.60% |       53570      3.00%     21.60% |       53240      2.98%     24.58% |       53184      2.98%     27.56% |       53286      2.98%     30.54% |       53703      3.01%     33.54% |       55607      3.11%     36.66% |       54873      3.07%     39.73% |       54248      3.04%     42.76% |       53419      2.99%     45.75% |       52851      2.96%     48.71% |       53112      2.97%     51.69% |       53987      3.02%     54.71% |       53589      3.00%     57.71% |       53818      3.01%     60.72% |       53875      3.02%     63.73% |       53880      3.02%     66.75% |       55101      3.08%     69.83% |       54104      3.03%     72.86% |       53306      2.98%     75.85% |       53424      2.99%     78.84% |       53836      3.01%     81.85% |       53426      2.99%     84.84% |       53084      2.97%     87.81% |       53758      3.01%     90.82% |       53250      2.98%     93.80% |       53856      3.01%     96.81% |       56912      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1786625                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       40472      4.00%      4.00% |       31456      3.11%      7.11% |       31199      3.08%     10.19% |       31372      3.10%     13.29% |       31153      3.08%     16.37% |       31029      3.07%     19.44% |       31350      3.10%     22.54% |       31037      3.07%     25.60% |       31121      3.08%     28.68% |       31838      3.15%     31.82% |       31092      3.07%     34.90% |       31137      3.08%     37.97% |       31335      3.10%     41.07% |       30906      3.05%     44.13% |       30890      3.05%     47.18% |       30936      3.06%     50.24% |       31087      3.07%     53.31% |       31026      3.07%     56.37% |       31392      3.10%     59.48% |       31356      3.10%     62.58% |       31219      3.09%     65.66% |       32316      3.19%     68.85% |       31177      3.08%     71.94% |       31282      3.09%     75.03% |       31284      3.09%     78.12% |       31239      3.09%     81.21% |       31398      3.10%     84.31% |       31310      3.09%     87.40% |       31161      3.08%     90.48% |       31213      3.08%     93.57% |       33297      3.29%     96.86% |       31793      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1011873                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      150315      5.79%      5.79% |       80343      3.10%      8.89% |       79026      3.05%     11.94% |       79928      3.08%     15.02% |       79130      3.05%     18.07% |       78643      3.03%     21.10% |       78717      3.03%     24.13% |       78194      3.01%     27.14% |       78330      3.02%     30.16% |       79346      3.06%     33.22% |       80280      3.09%     36.32% |       79600      3.07%     39.38% |       79097      3.05%     42.43% |       77771      3.00%     45.43% |       76956      2.97%     48.40% |       77322      2.98%     51.38% |       78141      3.01%     54.39% |       77852      3.00%     57.39% |       78156      3.01%     60.40% |       78386      3.02%     63.42% |       78104      3.01%     66.43% |       80579      3.11%     69.54% |       78389      3.02%     72.56% |       77983      3.01%     75.56% |       78009      3.01%     78.57% |       78684      3.03%     81.60% |       78397      3.02%     84.63% |       78159      3.01%     87.64% |       78593      3.03%     90.67% |       78328      3.02%     93.69% |       81077      3.12%     96.81% |       82739      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2594574                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           1      4.17%     12.50% |           1      4.17%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      4.17%     20.83% |           1      4.17%     25.00% |           1      4.17%     29.17% |           1      4.17%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      4.17%     37.50% |           1      4.17%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           6     25.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           5     20.83%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           2      8.33%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28187      4.02%      4.02% |       21679      3.09%      7.12% |       21697      3.10%     10.21% |       21689      3.10%     13.31% |       21673      3.09%     16.40% |       21676      3.09%     19.50% |       21678      3.09%     22.59% |       21685      3.10%     25.69% |       21699      3.10%     28.78% |       21697      3.10%     31.88% |       21711      3.10%     34.98% |       21696      3.10%     38.08% |       21680      3.09%     41.17% |       21682      3.09%     44.27% |       21675      3.09%     47.36% |       21679      3.09%     50.45% |       21707      3.10%     53.55% |       21689      3.10%     56.65% |       21698      3.10%     59.74% |       21696      3.10%     62.84% |       21683      3.09%     65.94% |       21702      3.10%     69.03% |       21702      3.10%     72.13% |       21695      3.10%     75.23% |       21711      3.10%     78.33% |       21701      3.10%     81.42% |       21707      3.10%     84.52% |       21687      3.10%     87.62% |       21701      3.10%     90.72% |       21680      3.09%     93.81% |       21682      3.09%     96.90% |       21686      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17733      3.15%      3.15% |       17585      3.13%      6.28% |       17632      3.13%      9.41% |       17566      3.12%     12.53% |       17562      3.12%     15.65% |       17516      3.11%     18.77% |       17576      3.12%     21.89% |       17580      3.12%     25.01% |       17585      3.13%     28.14% |       17607      3.13%     31.27% |       17664      3.14%     34.41% |       17576      3.12%     37.53% |       17632      3.13%     40.66% |       17587      3.13%     43.79% |       17617      3.13%     46.92% |       17553      3.12%     50.04% |       17573      3.12%     53.16% |       17573      3.12%     56.29% |       17601      3.13%     59.41% |       17526      3.11%     62.53% |       17586      3.13%     65.65% |       17631      3.13%     68.79% |       17597      3.13%     71.91% |       17502      3.11%     75.02% |       17574      3.12%     78.15% |       17594      3.13%     81.27% |       17615      3.13%     84.40% |       17502      3.11%     87.52% |       17576      3.12%     90.64% |       17547      3.12%     93.76% |       17580      3.12%     96.88% |       17548      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       562696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47031      3.63%      3.63% |       40312      3.11%      6.74% |       40375      3.11%      9.85% |       40301      3.11%     12.96% |       40279      3.11%     16.06% |       40237      3.10%     19.16% |       40300      3.11%     22.27% |       40311      3.11%     25.38% |       40330      3.11%     28.49% |       40351      3.11%     31.60% |       40420      3.12%     34.72% |       40317      3.11%     37.83% |       40357      3.11%     40.94% |       40314      3.11%     44.05% |       40337      3.11%     47.16% |       40277      3.11%     50.26% |       40325      3.11%     53.37% |       40308      3.11%     56.48% |       40345      3.11%     59.59% |       40268      3.11%     62.70% |       40315      3.11%     65.81% |       40380      3.11%     68.92% |       40345      3.11%     72.03% |       40242      3.10%     75.14% |       40331      3.11%     78.24% |       40342      3.11%     81.36% |       40368      3.11%     84.47% |       40233      3.10%     87.57% |       40322      3.11%     90.68% |       40273      3.11%     93.79% |       40308      3.11%     96.89% |       40281      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1296835                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46007      3.64%      3.64% |       39288      3.11%      6.75% |       39351      3.11%      9.86% |       39277      3.11%     12.97% |       39255      3.11%     16.07% |       39213      3.10%     19.18% |       39276      3.11%     22.28% |       39287      3.11%     25.39% |       39306      3.11%     28.50% |       39327      3.11%     31.61% |       39396      3.12%     34.73% |       39293      3.11%     37.84% |       39333      3.11%     40.95% |       39290      3.11%     44.06% |       39313      3.11%     47.17% |       39253      3.11%     50.27% |       39301      3.11%     53.38% |       39284      3.11%     56.49% |       39321      3.11%     59.60% |       39244      3.10%     62.70% |       39291      3.11%     65.81% |       39356      3.11%     68.93% |       39321      3.11%     72.04% |       39218      3.10%     75.14% |       39307      3.11%     78.25% |       39318      3.11%     81.36% |       39344      3.11%     84.47% |       39209      3.10%     87.57% |       39298      3.11%     90.68% |       39249      3.10%     93.79% |       39284      3.11%     96.89% |       39257      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1264067                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          58     24.07%     24.07% |           7      2.90%     26.97% |           8      3.32%     30.29% |           5      2.07%     32.37% |           3      1.24%     33.61% |           1      0.41%     34.02% |           0      0.00%     34.02% |           2      0.83%     34.85% |           4      1.66%     36.51% |           1      0.41%     36.93% |           8      3.32%     40.25% |           2      0.83%     41.08% |           3      1.24%     42.32% |           0      0.00%     42.32% |           0      0.00%     42.32% |           0      0.00%     42.32% |           1      0.41%     42.74% |           2      0.83%     43.57% |           5      2.07%     45.64% |          12      4.98%     50.62% |          30     12.45%     63.07% |          32     13.28%     76.35% |           6      2.49%     78.84% |           4      1.66%     80.50% |           6      2.49%     82.99% |           7      2.90%     85.89% |           5      2.07%     87.97% |           5      2.07%     90.04% |           6      2.49%     92.53% |           9      3.73%     96.27% |           8      3.32%     99.59% |           1      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          241                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1176      2.88%      2.88% |        1240      3.04%      5.92% |        1179      2.89%      8.80% |        1232      3.02%     11.82% |        1173      2.87%     14.69% |        1245      3.05%     17.74% |        1194      2.92%     20.66% |        1257      3.08%     23.74% |        1210      2.96%     26.70% |        1279      3.13%     29.83% |        1276      3.12%     32.96% |        1297      3.18%     36.13% |        1289      3.16%     39.29% |        1342      3.29%     42.57% |        1329      3.25%     45.83% |        1331      3.26%     49.09% |        1328      3.25%     52.34% |        1335      3.27%     55.61% |        1360      3.33%     58.93% |        1357      3.32%     62.26% |        1338      3.28%     65.53% |        1327      3.25%     68.78% |        1333      3.26%     72.05% |        1318      3.23%     75.27% |        1288      3.15%     78.43% |        1292      3.16%     81.59% |        1263      3.09%     84.68% |        1286      3.15%     87.83% |        1248      3.06%     90.89% |        1255      3.07%     93.96% |        1218      2.98%     96.94% |        1250      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        40845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1486      2.83%      2.83% |        1617      3.08%      5.90% |        1486      2.83%      8.73% |        1611      3.07%     11.80% |        1492      2.84%     14.64% |        1635      3.11%     17.75% |        1526      2.90%     20.65% |        1645      3.13%     23.78% |        1562      2.97%     26.76% |        1674      3.19%     29.94% |        1623      3.09%     33.03% |        1690      3.22%     36.25% |        1634      3.11%     39.35% |        1728      3.29%     42.64% |        1686      3.21%     45.85% |        1745      3.32%     49.17% |        1705      3.24%     52.42% |        1752      3.33%     55.75% |        1726      3.28%     59.04% |        1749      3.33%     62.36% |        1690      3.22%     65.58% |        1717      3.27%     68.85% |        1679      3.20%     72.04% |        1709      3.25%     75.29% |        1643      3.13%     78.42% |        1697      3.23%     81.65% |        1603      3.05%     84.70% |        1661      3.16%     87.86% |        1579      3.00%     90.87% |        1646      3.13%     94.00% |        1530      2.91%     96.91% |        1624      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        52550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1704      2.98%      2.98% |        1691      2.96%      5.93% |        1631      2.85%      8.78% |        1686      2.95%     11.73% |        1633      2.85%     14.58% |        1691      2.96%     17.54% |        1667      2.91%     20.45% |        1772      3.10%     23.55% |        1712      2.99%     26.54% |        1768      3.09%     29.63% |        1809      3.16%     32.79% |        1829      3.20%     35.99% |        1841      3.22%     39.21% |        1872      3.27%     42.48% |        1877      3.28%     45.76% |        1889      3.30%     49.06% |        1877      3.28%     52.34% |        1904      3.33%     55.67% |        1902      3.32%     58.99% |        1860      3.25%     62.24% |        1827      3.19%     65.43% |        1905      3.33%     68.76% |        1847      3.23%     71.99% |        1805      3.15%     75.14% |        1826      3.19%     78.34% |        1856      3.24%     81.58% |        1802      3.15%     84.73% |        1762      3.08%     87.81% |        1746      3.05%     90.86% |        1778      3.11%     93.97% |        1719      3.00%     96.97% |        1734      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        57222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1176      2.88%      2.88% |        1240      3.04%      5.91% |        1179      2.89%      8.80% |        1232      3.02%     11.82% |        1173      2.87%     14.69% |        1245      3.05%     17.74% |        1194      2.92%     20.66% |        1257      3.08%     23.74% |        1210      2.96%     26.70% |        1279      3.13%     29.83% |        1276      3.12%     32.95% |        1297      3.18%     36.13% |        1289      3.16%     39.29% |        1342      3.29%     42.57% |        1329      3.25%     45.82% |        1331      3.26%     49.08% |        1328      3.25%     52.33% |        1335      3.27%     55.60% |        1360      3.33%     58.93% |        1357      3.32%     62.25% |        1338      3.28%     65.53% |        1327      3.25%     68.78% |        1333      3.26%     72.04% |        1318      3.23%     75.27% |        1288      3.15%     78.42% |        1294      3.17%     81.59% |        1263      3.09%     84.68% |        1286      3.15%     87.83% |        1248      3.06%     90.89% |        1255      3.07%     93.96% |        1218      2.98%     96.94% |        1250      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        40847                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      152812      5.71%      5.71% |       82841      3.10%      8.81% |       81450      3.04%     11.85% |       82404      3.08%     14.93% |       81518      3.05%     17.98% |       81132      3.03%     21.01% |       81144      3.03%     24.05% |       80703      3.02%     27.06% |       80753      3.02%     30.08% |       81847      3.06%     33.14% |       82807      3.10%     36.24% |       82165      3.07%     39.31% |       81627      3.05%     42.36% |       80351      3.00%     45.36% |       79530      2.97%     48.33% |       79901      2.99%     51.32% |       80701      3.02%     54.34% |       80417      3.01%     57.34% |       80717      3.02%     60.36% |       80988      3.03%     63.39% |       80697      3.02%     66.40% |       83208      3.11%     69.51% |       80980      3.03%     72.54% |       80535      3.01%     75.55% |       80519      3.01%     78.56% |       81205      3.04%     81.60% |       80885      3.02%     84.62% |       80696      3.02%     87.64% |       81080      3.03%     90.67% |       80848      3.02%     93.69% |       83544      3.12%     96.81% |       85272      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2675277                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         472      3.24%      3.24% |         416      2.85%      6.09% |         426      2.92%      9.02% |         422      2.90%     11.91% |         432      2.96%     14.88% |         410      2.81%     17.69% |         431      2.96%     20.65% |         476      3.27%     23.92% |         450      3.09%     27.01% |         436      2.99%     30.00% |         462      3.17%     33.17% |         462      3.17%     36.34% |         494      3.39%     39.73% |         473      3.25%     42.98% |         481      3.30%     46.28% |         470      3.23%     49.50% |         484      3.32%     52.82% |         488      3.35%     56.17% |         484      3.32%     59.49% |         452      3.10%     62.60% |         439      3.01%     65.61% |         467      3.20%     68.81% |         428      2.94%     71.75% |         430      2.95%     74.70% |         477      3.27%     77.98% |         500      3.43%     81.41% |         476      3.27%     84.68% |         432      2.96%     87.64% |         453      3.11%     90.75% |         463      3.18%     93.93% |         458      3.14%     97.07% |         427      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14571                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24562      4.24%      4.24% |       17949      3.10%      7.33% |       18001      3.10%     10.44% |       17923      3.09%     13.53% |       17907      3.09%     16.62% |       17876      3.08%     19.70% |       17918      3.09%     22.79% |       17892      3.09%     25.88% |       17925      3.09%     28.97% |       17961      3.10%     32.07% |       18020      3.11%     35.17% |       17892      3.09%     38.26% |       17916      3.09%     41.35% |       17898      3.09%     44.44% |       17915      3.09%     47.53% |       17866      3.08%     50.61% |       17891      3.09%     53.69% |       17863      3.08%     56.77% |       17907      3.09%     59.86% |       17866      3.08%     62.94% |       17903      3.09%     66.03% |       17932      3.09%     69.12% |       17973      3.10%     72.22% |       17862      3.08%     75.31% |       17894      3.09%     78.39% |       17892      3.09%     81.48% |       17932      3.09%     84.57% |       17859      3.08%     87.65% |       17926      3.09%     90.74% |       17864      3.08%     93.82% |       17894      3.09%     96.91% |       17916      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       579795                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21997      3.13%      3.13% |       21947      3.12%      6.26% |       21948      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21955      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21957      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.63% |       21981      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21943      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21946      3.12%     93.75% |       21956      3.13%     96.88% |       21938      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702470                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2274      2.89%      2.89% |        2097      2.66%      5.55% |        2134      2.71%      8.26% |        2088      2.65%     10.91% |        2151      2.73%     13.64% |        2161      2.74%     16.38% |        2162      2.74%     19.13% |        2160      2.74%     21.87% |        2326      2.95%     24.82% |        2279      2.89%     27.72% |        2456      3.12%     30.83% |        2386      3.03%     33.86% |        2527      3.21%     37.07% |        2492      3.16%     40.23% |        2736      3.47%     43.71% |        2613      3.32%     47.02% |        2855      3.62%     50.65% |        2665      3.38%     54.03% |        2968      3.77%     57.80% |        2731      3.47%     61.27% |        2895      3.68%     64.94% |        2651      3.37%     68.31% |        2826      3.59%     71.89% |        2600      3.30%     75.20% |        2784      3.53%     78.73% |        2475      3.14%     81.87% |        2581      3.28%     85.15% |        2361      3.00%     88.15% |        2545      3.23%     91.38% |        2293      2.91%     94.29% |        2352      2.99%     97.27% |        2148      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        78772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           6      1.45%      1.45% |           8      1.93%      3.38% |           9      2.17%      5.56% |          14      3.38%      8.94% |           9      2.17%     11.11% |           6      1.45%     12.56% |           4      0.97%     13.53% |           8      1.93%     15.46% |          14      3.38%     18.84% |          15      3.62%     22.46% |          16      3.86%     26.33% |          11      2.66%     28.99% |          11      2.66%     31.64% |          15      3.62%     35.27% |           9      2.17%     37.44% |          16      3.86%     41.30% |          11      2.66%     43.96% |          20      4.83%     48.79% |          28      6.76%     55.56% |          20      4.83%     60.39% |          16      3.86%     64.25% |          12      2.90%     67.15% |          17      4.11%     71.26% |          16      3.86%     75.12% |          12      2.90%     78.02% |          15      3.62%     81.64% |          21      5.07%     86.71% |          17      4.11%     90.82% |          13      3.14%     93.96% |           8      1.93%     95.89% |          11      2.66%     98.55% |           6      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          414                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        1625      2.95%      2.95% |        1630      2.96%      5.91% |        1576      2.86%      8.77% |        1630      2.96%     11.73% |        1579      2.87%     14.60% |        1630      2.96%     17.56% |        1612      2.93%     20.48% |        1717      3.12%     23.60% |        1653      3.00%     26.60% |        1701      3.09%     29.69% |        1722      3.13%     32.81% |        1758      3.19%     36.01% |        1771      3.22%     39.22% |        1798      3.26%     42.49% |        1809      3.28%     45.77% |        1820      3.30%     49.07% |        1818      3.30%     52.37% |        1842      3.34%     55.72% |        1846      3.35%     59.07% |        1805      3.28%     62.35% |        1768      3.21%     65.56% |        1799      3.27%     68.82% |        1759      3.19%     72.02% |        1749      3.18%     75.19% |        1764      3.20%     78.39% |        1794      3.26%     81.65% |        1737      3.15%     84.80% |        1692      3.07%     87.88% |        1673      3.04%     90.91% |        1706      3.10%     94.01% |        1648      2.99%     97.00% |        1651      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        55082                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       87787      8.09%      8.09% |       33454      3.08%     11.17% |       32266      2.97%     14.15% |       33131      3.05%     17.20% |       32479      2.99%     20.19% |       32256      2.97%     23.17% |       31918      2.94%     26.11% |       31820      2.93%     29.04% |       31759      2.93%     31.97% |       32110      2.96%     34.92% |       33754      3.11%     38.04% |       33207      3.06%     41.10% |       32439      2.99%     44.08% |       31607      2.91%     47.00% |       30789      2.84%     49.83% |       31188      2.87%     52.71% |       31805      2.93%     55.64% |       31617      2.91%     58.55% |       31484      2.90%     61.46% |       31829      2.93%     64.39% |       31664      2.92%     67.31% |       33044      3.05%     70.35% |       31884      2.94%     73.29% |       31448      2.90%     76.19% |       31390      2.89%     79.08% |       32119      2.96%     82.04% |       31592      2.91%     84.95% |       31545      2.91%     87.86% |       32010      2.95%     90.81% |       31798      2.93%     93.74% |       32364      2.98%     96.72% |       35578      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1085135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       17333      6.35%      6.35% |        8346      3.06%      9.41% |        8113      2.97%     12.39% |        8264      3.03%     15.42% |        8087      2.96%     18.38% |        7935      2.91%     21.29% |        8270      3.03%     24.33% |        7945      2.91%     27.24% |        8042      2.95%     30.19% |        8741      3.20%     33.39% |        8016      2.94%     36.33% |        8026      2.94%     39.27% |        8247      3.02%     42.30% |        7812      2.86%     45.16% |        7813      2.86%     48.03% |        7845      2.88%     50.90% |        7987      2.93%     53.83% |        7918      2.90%     56.73% |        8296      3.04%     59.77% |        8250      3.02%     62.80% |        8067      2.96%     65.76% |        9170      3.36%     69.12% |        8101      2.97%     72.09% |        8183      3.00%     75.09% |        8181      3.00%     78.09% |        8140      2.98%     81.07% |        8303      3.04%     84.12% |        8219      3.01%     87.13% |        8076      2.96%     90.09% |        8115      2.98%     93.07% |       10206      3.74%     96.81% |        8705      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272752                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28184      4.02%      4.02% |       21669      3.09%      7.12% |       21692      3.10%     10.21% |       21686      3.10%     13.31% |       21670      3.09%     16.40% |       21672      3.09%     19.50% |       21676      3.09%     22.59% |       21684      3.10%     25.69% |       21697      3.10%     28.78% |       21695      3.10%     31.88% |       21700      3.10%     34.98% |       21696      3.10%     38.08% |       21679      3.09%     41.17% |       21682      3.10%     44.27% |       21674      3.09%     47.36% |       21679      3.09%     50.46% |       21707      3.10%     53.55% |       21688      3.10%     56.65% |       21695      3.10%     59.75% |       21689      3.10%     62.84% |       21677      3.09%     65.94% |       21695      3.10%     69.04% |       21695      3.10%     72.13% |       21694      3.10%     75.23% |       21705      3.10%     78.33% |       21695      3.10%     81.43% |       21704      3.10%     84.52% |       21682      3.10%     87.62% |       21694      3.10%     90.72% |       21673      3.09%     93.81% |       21678      3.09%     96.90% |       21682      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700488                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       16028      3.17%      3.17% |       15897      3.15%      6.32% |       15998      3.17%      9.48% |       15878      3.14%     12.62% |       15929      3.15%     15.78% |       15828      3.13%     18.91% |       15911      3.15%     22.06% |       15807      3.13%     25.18% |       15871      3.14%     28.32% |       15840      3.13%     31.46% |       15858      3.14%     34.59% |       15745      3.12%     37.71% |       15789      3.12%     40.83% |       15715      3.11%     43.94% |       15741      3.11%     47.06% |       15664      3.10%     50.16% |       15695      3.11%     53.26% |       15668      3.10%     56.36% |       15697      3.11%     59.47% |       15661      3.10%     62.57% |       15735      3.11%     65.68% |       15701      3.11%     68.79% |       15751      3.12%     71.90% |       15694      3.11%     75.01% |       15748      3.12%     78.12% |       15739      3.11%     81.24% |       15811      3.13%     84.37% |       15740      3.11%     87.48% |       15831      3.13%     90.61% |       15767      3.12%     93.73% |       15857      3.14%     96.87% |       15817      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       505411                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1176      2.88%      2.88% |        1240      3.04%      5.91% |        1179      2.89%      8.80% |        1232      3.02%     11.82% |        1173      2.87%     14.69% |        1245      3.05%     17.74% |        1194      2.92%     20.66% |        1257      3.08%     23.74% |        1210      2.96%     26.70% |        1279      3.13%     29.83% |        1276      3.12%     32.95% |        1297      3.18%     36.13% |        1289      3.16%     39.29% |        1342      3.29%     42.57% |        1329      3.25%     45.82% |        1331      3.26%     49.08% |        1328      3.25%     52.33% |        1335      3.27%     55.60% |        1360      3.33%     58.93% |        1357      3.32%     62.25% |        1338      3.28%     65.53% |        1327      3.25%     68.78% |        1333      3.26%     72.04% |        1318      3.23%     75.27% |        1288      3.15%     78.42% |        1294      3.17%     81.59% |        1263      3.09%     84.68% |        1286      3.15%     87.83% |        1248      3.06%     90.89% |        1255      3.07%     93.96% |        1218      2.98%     96.94% |        1250      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        40847                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        1141      3.12%      3.12% |        1158      3.17%      6.29% |        1136      3.11%      9.40% |        1147      3.14%     12.54% |        1123      3.07%     15.61% |        1140      3.12%     18.73% |        1128      3.09%     21.81% |        1147      3.14%     24.95% |        1123      3.07%     28.02% |        1139      3.12%     31.14% |        1136      3.11%     34.25% |        1147      3.14%     37.39% |        1137      3.11%     40.50% |        1149      3.14%     43.64% |        1136      3.11%     46.75% |        1150      3.15%     49.89% |        1150      3.15%     53.04% |        1151      3.15%     56.19% |        1137      3.11%     59.30% |        1156      3.16%     62.46% |        1150      3.15%     65.61% |        1148      3.14%     68.75% |        1129      3.09%     71.84% |        1146      3.14%     74.97% |        1141      3.12%     78.09% |        1148      3.14%     81.23% |        1133      3.10%     84.33% |        1148      3.14%     87.48% |        1142      3.12%     90.60% |        1152      3.15%     93.75% |        1135      3.11%     96.86% |        1149      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        36552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      150299      5.79%      5.79% |       80324      3.10%      8.89% |       79011      3.05%     11.94% |       79899      3.08%     15.02% |       79113      3.05%     18.07% |       78632      3.03%     21.10% |       78710      3.03%     24.13% |       78179      3.01%     27.15% |       78306      3.02%     30.17% |       79315      3.06%     33.23% |       80247      3.09%     36.32% |       79583      3.07%     39.39% |       79081      3.05%     42.44% |       77736      3.00%     45.43% |       76935      2.97%     48.40% |       77290      2.98%     51.38% |       78119      3.01%     54.39% |       77819      3.00%     57.39% |       78101      3.01%     60.40% |       78353      3.02%     63.42% |       78075      3.01%     66.43% |       80549      3.11%     69.54% |       78362      3.02%     72.56% |       77953      3.01%     75.57% |       77979      3.01%     78.57% |       78653      3.03%     81.60% |       78358      3.02%     84.63% |       78127      3.01%     87.64% |       78562      3.03%     90.67% |       78308      3.02%     93.69% |       81052      3.12%     96.81% |       82725      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2593755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           6     50.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.88%      2.88% |           8      7.69%     10.58% |           4      3.85%     14.42% |           2      1.92%     16.35% |           2      1.92%     18.27% |           2      1.92%     20.19% |           1      0.96%     21.15% |           1      0.96%     22.12% |           2      1.92%     24.04% |           1      0.96%     25.00% |          10      9.62%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           1      0.96%     35.58% |           2      1.92%     37.50% |           7      6.73%     44.23% |           6      5.77%     50.00% |           7      6.73%     56.73% |           7      6.73%     63.46% |           1      0.96%     64.42% |           5      4.81%     69.23% |           3      2.88%     72.12% |           3      2.88%     75.00% |           5      4.81%     79.81% |           7      6.73%     86.54% |           7      6.73%     93.27% |           4      3.85%     97.12% |           3      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          80      3.63%      3.63% |          58      2.63%      6.26% |          58      2.63%      8.90% |          58      2.63%     11.53% |          54      2.45%     13.98% |          58      2.63%     16.61% |          53      2.41%     19.02% |          56      2.54%     21.56% |          61      2.77%     24.33% |          66      3.00%     27.33% |          84      3.81%     31.14% |          73      3.31%     34.45% |          72      3.27%     37.72% |          74      3.36%     41.08% |          67      3.04%     44.12% |          69      3.13%     47.25% |          60      2.72%     49.98% |          63      2.86%     52.84% |          58      2.63%     55.47% |          60      2.72%     58.19% |          83      3.77%     61.96% |         131      5.95%     67.91% |          87      3.95%     71.86% |          59      2.68%     74.53% |          62      2.81%     77.35% |          61      2.77%     80.12% |          67      3.04%     83.16% |          70      3.18%     86.34% |          72      3.27%     89.61% |          74      3.36%     92.96% |          75      3.40%     96.37% |          80      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     30.26%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |           0      0.00%     30.26% |          18     23.68%     53.95% |          20     26.32%     80.26% |          15     19.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           76                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      1.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |           0      0.00%      1.00% |          22     22.00%     23.00% |           4      4.00%     27.00% |           2      2.00%     29.00% |           2      2.00%     31.00% |           0      0.00%     31.00% |           2      2.00%     33.00% |           0      0.00%     33.00% |           1      1.00%     34.00% |           0      0.00%     34.00% |           0      0.00%     34.00% |           0      0.00%     34.00% |          50     50.00%     84.00% |          12     12.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      1.00%     97.00% |           1      1.00%     98.00% |           2      2.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     96.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46007      3.64%      3.64% |       39288      3.11%      6.75% |       39351      3.11%      9.86% |       39277      3.11%     12.97% |       39255      3.11%     16.07% |       39213      3.10%     19.18% |       39276      3.11%     22.28% |       39287      3.11%     25.39% |       39306      3.11%     28.50% |       39327      3.11%     31.61% |       39396      3.12%     34.73% |       39293      3.11%     37.84% |       39333      3.11%     40.95% |       39290      3.11%     44.06% |       39313      3.11%     47.17% |       39253      3.11%     50.27% |       39301      3.11%     53.38% |       39284      3.11%     56.49% |       39321      3.11%     59.60% |       39244      3.10%     62.70% |       39291      3.11%     65.81% |       39356      3.11%     68.93% |       39321      3.11%     72.04% |       39218      3.10%     75.14% |       39307      3.11%     78.25% |       39318      3.11%     81.36% |       39344      3.11%     84.47% |       39209      3.10%     87.57% |       39298      3.11%     90.68% |       39249      3.10%     93.79% |       39284      3.11%     96.89% |       39257      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1264067                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     46.96%     46.96% |           6      5.22%     52.17% |           3      2.61%     54.78% |           1      0.87%     55.65% |           1      0.87%     56.52% |           0      0.00%     56.52% |           0      0.00%     56.52% |           0      0.00%     56.52% |           0      0.00%     56.52% |           0      0.00%     56.52% |           7      6.09%     62.61% |           0      0.00%     62.61% |           0      0.00%     62.61% |           0      0.00%     62.61% |           0      0.00%     62.61% |           0      0.00%     62.61% |           0      0.00%     62.61% |           0      0.00%     62.61% |           1      0.87%     63.48% |           7      6.09%     69.57% |           5      4.35%     73.91% |           3      2.61%     76.52% |           4      3.48%     80.00% |           1      0.87%     80.87% |           4      3.48%     84.35% |           2      1.74%     86.09% |           2      1.74%     87.83% |           2      1.74%     89.57% |           4      3.48%     93.04% |           5      4.35%     97.39% |           3      2.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.98%      6.98% |           2      4.65%     11.63% |           1      2.33%     13.95% |           1      2.33%     16.28% |           1      2.33%     18.60% |           2      4.65%     23.26% |           1      2.33%     25.58% |           1      2.33%     27.91% |           2      4.65%     32.56% |           1      2.33%     34.88% |           3      6.98%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           1      2.33%     44.19% |           1      2.33%     46.51% |           0      0.00%     46.51% |           1      2.33%     48.84% |           4      9.30%     58.14% |           3      6.98%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           1      2.33%     67.44% |           1      2.33%     69.77% |           1      2.33%     72.09% |           3      6.98%     79.07% |           3      6.98%     86.05% |           2      4.65%     90.70% |           1      2.33%     93.02% |           3      6.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |          12     85.71%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.76%     11.76% |          15     88.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      3.23%      3.23% |           1      0.81%      4.03% |           5      4.03%      8.06% |           4      3.23%     11.29% |           2      1.61%     12.90% |           1      0.81%     13.71% |           0      0.00%     13.71% |           2      1.61%     15.32% |           4      3.23%     18.55% |           1      0.81%     19.35% |           1      0.81%     20.16% |           2      1.61%     21.77% |           3      2.42%     24.19% |           0      0.00%     24.19% |           0      0.00%     24.19% |           0      0.00%     24.19% |           1      0.81%     25.00% |           2      1.61%     26.61% |           4      3.23%     29.84% |           5      4.03%     33.87% |          25     20.16%     54.03% |          29     23.39%     77.42% |           2      1.61%     79.03% |           3      2.42%     81.45% |           2      1.61%     83.06% |           3      2.42%     85.48% |           3      2.42%     87.90% |           3      2.42%     90.32% |           2      1.61%     91.94% |           4      3.23%     95.16% |           5      4.03%     99.19% |           1      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          76      3.66%      3.66% |          57      2.74%      6.40% |          53      2.55%      8.95% |          54      2.60%     11.54% |          52      2.50%     14.05% |          57      2.74%     16.79% |          53      2.55%     19.34% |          54      2.60%     21.93% |          57      2.74%     24.68% |          65      3.13%     27.80% |          83      3.99%     31.79% |          71      3.42%     35.21% |          69      3.32%     38.53% |          74      3.56%     42.09% |          67      3.22%     45.31% |          69      3.32%     48.63% |          59      2.84%     51.47% |          61      2.93%     54.40% |          54      2.60%     57.00% |          55      2.65%     59.64% |          58      2.79%     62.43% |         102      4.91%     67.34% |          85      4.09%     71.43% |          56      2.69%     74.12% |          60      2.89%     77.01% |          58      2.79%     79.80% |          64      3.08%     82.88% |          67      3.22%     86.10% |          70      3.37%     89.47% |          70      3.37%     92.83% |          70      3.37%     96.20% |          79      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2079                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1486      2.83%      2.83% |        1617      3.08%      5.91% |        1486      2.83%      8.73% |        1611      3.07%     11.80% |        1492      2.84%     14.64% |        1635      3.11%     17.75% |        1526      2.90%     20.65% |        1645      3.13%     23.78% |        1562      2.97%     26.76% |        1674      3.19%     29.94% |        1623      3.09%     33.03% |        1690      3.22%     36.25% |        1634      3.11%     39.36% |        1728      3.29%     42.64% |        1686      3.21%     45.85% |        1745      3.32%     49.17% |        1705      3.24%     52.42% |        1752      3.33%     55.75% |        1726      3.28%     59.04% |        1749      3.33%     62.37% |        1690      3.22%     65.58% |        1717      3.27%     68.85% |        1679      3.20%     72.04% |        1709      3.25%     75.30% |        1643      3.13%     78.42% |        1695      3.23%     81.65% |        1603      3.05%     84.70% |        1661      3.16%     87.86% |        1579      3.00%     90.87% |        1646      3.13%     94.00% |        1530      2.91%     96.91% |        1624      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        52548                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        1625      2.95%      2.95% |        1630      2.96%      5.91% |        1576      2.86%      8.77% |        1630      2.96%     11.73% |        1579      2.87%     14.60% |        1630      2.96%     17.56% |        1612      2.93%     20.48% |        1717      3.12%     23.60% |        1653      3.00%     26.60% |        1701      3.09%     29.69% |        1722      3.13%     32.81% |        1758      3.19%     36.01% |        1771      3.22%     39.22% |        1798      3.26%     42.49% |        1809      3.28%     45.77% |        1820      3.30%     49.07% |        1818      3.30%     52.37% |        1842      3.34%     55.72% |        1846      3.35%     59.07% |        1805      3.28%     62.35% |        1768      3.21%     65.56% |        1799      3.27%     68.82% |        1759      3.19%     72.02% |        1749      3.18%     75.19% |        1764      3.20%     78.39% |        1794      3.26%     81.65% |        1737      3.15%     84.80% |        1692      3.07%     87.88% |        1673      3.04%     90.91% |        1706      3.10%     94.01% |        1648      2.99%     97.00% |        1651      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        55082                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          10      0.68%      0.68% |          17      1.15%      1.83% |          20      1.36%      3.19% |          22      1.49%      4.68% |          19      1.29%      5.97% |          26      1.77%      7.74% |          41      2.78%     10.52% |          44      2.99%     13.51% |          51      3.46%     16.97% |          59      4.01%     20.98% |          58      3.94%     24.92% |          70      4.75%     29.67% |          63      4.28%     33.94% |          58      3.94%     37.88% |          69      4.68%     42.57% |          89      6.04%     48.61% |          82      5.57%     54.18% |          89      6.04%     60.22% |          70      4.75%     64.97% |          65      4.41%     69.38% |          60      4.07%     73.46% |          67      4.55%     78.00% |          51      3.46%     81.47% |          54      3.67%     85.13% |          48      3.26%     88.39% |          44      2.99%     91.38% |          36      2.44%     93.82% |          19      1.29%     95.11% |          19      1.29%     96.40% |          27      1.83%     98.23% |          12      0.81%     99.05% |          14      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24552      4.25%      4.25% |       17932      3.10%      7.35% |       17981      3.11%     10.46% |       17901      3.10%     13.55% |       17888      3.09%     16.64% |       17850      3.09%     19.73% |       17877      3.09%     22.82% |       17848      3.09%     25.91% |       17874      3.09%     29.00% |       17902      3.10%     32.09% |       17962      3.11%     35.20% |       17822      3.08%     38.28% |       17853      3.09%     41.37% |       17840      3.08%     44.45% |       17846      3.09%     47.54% |       17777      3.07%     50.61% |       17809      3.08%     53.69% |       17774      3.07%     56.77% |       17837      3.08%     59.85% |       17801      3.08%     62.93% |       17843      3.09%     66.01% |       17865      3.09%     69.10% |       17922      3.10%     72.20% |       17808      3.08%     75.28% |       17846      3.09%     78.37% |       17848      3.09%     81.45% |       17896      3.09%     84.55% |       17840      3.08%     87.63% |       17907      3.10%     90.73% |       17837      3.08%     93.81% |       17882      3.09%     96.90% |       17902      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       578322                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         482      3.00%      3.00% |         433      2.70%      5.70% |         446      2.78%      8.48% |         444      2.77%     11.25% |         451      2.81%     14.06% |         436      2.72%     16.78% |         472      2.94%     19.72% |         520      3.24%     22.96% |         501      3.12%     26.09% |         495      3.09%     29.17% |         520      3.24%     32.41% |         532      3.32%     35.73% |         557      3.47%     39.20% |         531      3.31%     42.51% |         550      3.43%     45.94% |         559      3.48%     49.42% |         566      3.53%     52.95% |         577      3.60%     56.55% |         554      3.45%     60.00% |         517      3.22%     63.22% |         499      3.11%     66.33% |         534      3.33%     69.66% |         479      2.99%     72.65% |         484      3.02%     75.67% |         525      3.27%     78.94% |         544      3.39%     82.33% |         512      3.19%     85.52% |         450      2.80%     88.33% |         472      2.94%     91.27% |         490      3.05%     94.32% |         470      2.93%     97.25% |         441      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           1      4.55%      9.09% |           1      4.55%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           1      4.55%     31.82% |           2      9.09%     40.91% |           1      4.55%     45.45% |           1      4.55%     50.00% |           1      4.55%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           2      9.09%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           2      9.09%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21997      3.13%      3.13% |       21947      3.12%      6.26% |       21948      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21955      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21957      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.63% |       21981      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21943      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21946      3.12%     93.75% |       21956      3.13%     96.88% |       21938      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702470                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           6      1.24%      1.24% |           5      1.03%      2.27% |           5      1.03%      3.31% |          11      2.27%      5.58% |           7      1.45%      7.02% |           6      1.24%      8.26% |           7      1.45%      9.71% |          11      2.27%     11.98% |          15      3.10%     15.08% |          15      3.10%     18.18% |          20      4.13%     22.31% |          17      3.51%     25.83% |          12      2.48%     28.31% |          20      4.13%     32.44% |          13      2.69%     35.12% |          23      4.75%     39.88% |          26      5.37%     45.25% |          18      3.72%     48.97% |          29      5.99%     54.96% |          27      5.58%     60.54% |          20      4.13%     64.67% |          18      3.72%     68.39% |          24      4.96%     73.35% |          24      4.96%     78.31% |          19      3.93%     82.23% |          11      2.27%     84.50% |          19      3.93%     88.43% |          13      2.69%     91.12% |           9      1.86%     92.98% |          12      2.48%     95.45% |          16      3.31%     98.76% |           6      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          484                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           2     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     22.22%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           3     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           5      2.89%      2.89% |           4      2.31%      5.20% |           3      1.73%      6.94% |           6      3.47%     10.40% |           2      1.16%     11.56% |           2      1.16%     12.72% |           1      0.58%     13.29% |           2      1.16%     14.45% |           6      3.47%     17.92% |           9      5.20%     23.12% |           8      4.62%     27.75% |           2      1.16%     28.90% |           2      1.16%     30.06% |          11      6.36%     36.42% |           6      3.47%     39.88% |           6      3.47%     43.35% |           6      3.47%     46.82% |           5      2.89%     49.71% |           9      5.20%     54.91% |           4      2.31%     57.23% |           7      4.05%     61.27% |           7      4.05%     65.32% |           3      1.73%     67.05% |           4      2.31%     69.36% |           8      4.62%     73.99% |           7      4.05%     78.03% |           7      4.05%     82.08% |           4      2.31%     84.39% |           8      4.62%     89.02% |           7      4.05%     93.06% |           8      4.62%     97.69% |           4      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total          173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           1      8.33%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           4     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      152810      5.71%      5.71% |       82837      3.10%      8.81% |       81444      3.04%     11.85% |       82399      3.08%     14.93% |       81517      3.05%     17.98% |       81132      3.03%     21.01% |       81144      3.03%     24.05% |       80703      3.02%     27.06% |       80753      3.02%     30.08% |       81846      3.06%     33.14% |       82806      3.10%     36.24% |       82165      3.07%     39.31% |       81623      3.05%     42.36% |       80351      3.00%     45.36% |       79525      2.97%     48.33% |       79901      2.99%     51.32% |       80701      3.02%     54.34% |       80417      3.01%     57.34% |       80708      3.02%     60.36% |       80986      3.03%     63.39% |       80697      3.02%     66.40% |       83208      3.11%     69.51% |       80980      3.03%     72.54% |       80535      3.01%     75.55% |       80518      3.01%     78.56% |       81205      3.04%     81.60% |       80884      3.02%     84.62% |       80695      3.02%     87.64% |       81078      3.03%     90.67% |       80848      3.02%     93.69% |       83543      3.12%     96.81% |       85272      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2675231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           4      1.83%      1.83% |           7      3.20%      5.02% |           3      1.37%      6.39% |           9      4.11%     10.50% |           6      2.74%     13.24% |           3      1.37%     14.61% |           1      0.46%     15.07% |           5      2.28%     17.35% |           4      1.83%     19.18% |           7      3.20%     22.37% |           8      3.65%     26.03% |           4      1.83%     27.85% |           3      1.37%     29.22% |           9      4.11%     33.33% |           6      2.74%     36.07% |           8      3.65%     39.73% |           5      2.28%     42.01% |           8      3.65%     45.66% |          18      8.22%     53.88% |           7      3.20%     57.08% |           6      2.74%     59.82% |          10      4.57%     64.38% |           7      3.20%     67.58% |          10      4.57%     72.15% |           9      4.11%     76.26% |           8      3.65%     79.91% |          10      4.57%     84.47% |          11      5.02%     89.50% |           9      4.11%     93.61% |           5      2.28%     95.89% |           5      2.28%     98.17% |           4      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1164      2.98%      2.98% |        1202      3.08%      6.06% |        1086      2.78%      8.85% |        1154      2.96%     11.80% |        1078      2.76%     14.56% |        1151      2.95%     17.51% |        1185      3.04%     20.55% |        1235      3.16%     23.71% |        1138      2.92%     26.63% |        1222      3.13%     29.76% |        1222      3.13%     32.89% |        1245      3.19%     36.08% |        1206      3.09%     39.17% |        1278      3.27%     42.45% |        1292      3.31%     45.76% |        1288      3.30%     49.06% |        1317      3.37%     52.43% |        1300      3.33%     55.76% |        1281      3.28%     59.05% |        1310      3.36%     62.40% |        1242      3.18%     65.59% |        1264      3.24%     68.82% |        1280      3.28%     72.10% |        1294      3.32%     75.42% |        1230      3.15%     78.57% |        1228      3.15%     81.72% |        1204      3.09%     84.80% |        1244      3.19%     87.99% |        1172      3.00%     90.99% |        1167      2.99%     93.98% |        1171      3.00%     96.98% |        1177      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        39027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          12      0.66%      0.66% |          38      2.09%      2.75% |          93      5.12%      7.87% |          78      4.29%     12.16% |          95      5.23%     17.38% |          94      5.17%     22.55% |           9      0.50%     23.05% |          22      1.21%     24.26% |          72      3.96%     28.22% |          57      3.14%     31.35% |          54      2.97%     34.32% |          52      2.86%     37.18% |          83      4.57%     41.75% |          64      3.52%     45.27% |          37      2.04%     47.30% |          43      2.37%     49.67% |          11      0.61%     50.28% |          35      1.93%     52.20% |          79      4.35%     56.55% |          47      2.59%     59.13% |          96      5.28%     64.41% |          63      3.47%     67.88% |          53      2.92%     70.79% |          24      1.32%     72.11% |          58      3.19%     75.30% |          64      3.52%     78.82% |          59      3.25%     82.07% |          42      2.31%     84.38% |          76      4.18%     88.56% |          88      4.84%     93.40% |          47      2.59%     95.98% |          73      4.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         1818                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          12      0.66%      0.66% |          38      2.09%      2.75% |          93      5.12%      7.87% |          78      4.29%     12.16% |          95      5.23%     17.38% |          94      5.17%     22.55% |           9      0.50%     23.05% |          22      1.21%     24.26% |          72      3.96%     28.22% |          57      3.14%     31.35% |          54      2.97%     34.32% |          52      2.86%     37.18% |          83      4.57%     41.75% |          64      3.52%     45.27% |          37      2.04%     47.30% |          43      2.37%     49.67% |          11      0.61%     50.28% |          35      1.93%     52.20% |          79      4.35%     56.55% |          47      2.59%     59.13% |          96      5.28%     64.41% |          63      3.47%     67.88% |          53      2.92%     70.79% |          24      1.32%     72.11% |          58      3.19%     75.30% |          64      3.52%     78.82% |          59      3.25%     82.07% |          42      2.31%     84.38% |          76      4.18%     88.56% |          88      4.84%     93.40% |          47      2.59%     95.98% |          73      4.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         1818                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           1      7.69%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           2     15.38%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1164      2.98%      2.98% |        1202      3.08%      6.06% |        1086      2.78%      8.84% |        1154      2.96%     11.80% |        1078      2.76%     14.56% |        1151      2.95%     17.51% |        1185      3.04%     20.55% |        1235      3.16%     23.71% |        1138      2.92%     26.63% |        1222      3.13%     29.76% |        1222      3.13%     32.89% |        1245      3.19%     36.08% |        1206      3.09%     39.17% |        1278      3.27%     42.45% |        1292      3.31%     45.76% |        1288      3.30%     49.06% |        1317      3.37%     52.43% |        1300      3.33%     55.76% |        1281      3.28%     59.04% |        1310      3.36%     62.40% |        1242      3.18%     65.58% |        1264      3.24%     68.82% |        1280      3.28%     72.10% |        1294      3.32%     75.42% |        1230      3.15%     78.57% |        1230      3.15%     81.72% |        1204      3.08%     84.80% |        1244      3.19%     87.99% |        1172      3.00%     90.99% |        1167      2.99%     93.98% |        1171      3.00%     96.98% |        1177      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        39029                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      438592     21.30%     21.30% |     1029597     50.00%     71.30% |      146080      7.09%     78.39% |      149329      7.25%     85.65% |      146706      7.12%     92.77% |      148890      7.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2059194                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      438592     21.30%     21.30% |     1029597     50.00%     71.30% |      146080      7.09%     78.39% |      149329      7.25%     85.65% |      146706      7.12%     92.77% |      148890      7.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2059194                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      438592     21.30%     21.30% |     1029597     50.00%     71.30% |      146080      7.09%     78.39% |      149329      7.25%     85.65% |      146706      7.12%     92.77% |      148890      7.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2059194                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      438592     21.30%     21.30% |     1029597     50.00%     71.30% |      146080      7.09%     78.39% |      149329      7.25%     85.65% |      146706      7.12%     92.77% |      148890      7.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2059194                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
