
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153832                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153831927500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330000006000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  81884                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   155909                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              195059575                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4035044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   788.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64576939                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122956202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25268800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25268800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21421056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21421056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334704                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334704                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164262390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164262390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139249741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139249741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303512130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303512130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394826                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334704                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394826                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334704                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25267904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21420992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25268864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21421056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   131789                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    16171                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153831663500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394826                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334704                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                137767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  51096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  52635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  53056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  21817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  36919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       215778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.369936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.383630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.121248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68687     31.83%     31.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54207     25.12%     56.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69955     32.42%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10294      4.77%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5880      2.73%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2815      1.30%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1442      0.67%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          954      0.44%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1544      0.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       215778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.897088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.969547                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49986     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.694863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.085874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.522468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40278     80.57%     80.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1968      3.94%     84.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5011     10.02%     94.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2737      5.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 65876047486                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            73278753736                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   166854.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              185604.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  294862                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 218862                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210864.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5136560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122123043000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              820297800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              810810000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              447583125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              442406250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546030200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1532980800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086281280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082224800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61122960765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60865504875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38678616750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38904455250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113748881280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113685493335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.467410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.055333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24508864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24508864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20683328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20683328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323177                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323177                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159322349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159322349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134454065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134454065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293776414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293776414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382951                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323177                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382951                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323177                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24507904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20683264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24508864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20683328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    90521                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    12592                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153831172500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382951                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323177                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  4013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  4200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 97149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  50634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  52443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  53292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  54043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  20192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  29017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       187625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   240.852168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.030508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.664847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40497     21.58%     21.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53475     28.50%     50.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70090     37.36%     87.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10507      5.60%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5925      3.16%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2662      1.42%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1526      0.81%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1070      0.57%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1873      1.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       187625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48479                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.898884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.634309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48473     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48479                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.666309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.076843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.452055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38570     79.56%     79.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2924      6.03%     85.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4301      8.87%     94.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2684      5.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 58127687899                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            65307737899                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   151794.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              170544.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  291037                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 227441                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217851.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5136560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121646978250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              714820680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              703526040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              390031125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              383868375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500259800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486173000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049176800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044647280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60091213455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59612781105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39583658250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40003335750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113376271470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113281442910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.045120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.428651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24509696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24509696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20684800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20684800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159327757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159327757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134463634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134463634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293791391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293791391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382964                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323200                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382964                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323200                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24508544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20684736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24509696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20684800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    85862                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    12669                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153831072500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382964                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323200                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  4055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  4357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 92652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  50751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  52515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  53412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  54074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  19786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  29192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       186896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   241.804982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.031580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.683115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39853     21.32%     21.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52537     28.11%     49.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70813     37.89%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10534      5.64%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5995      3.21%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2686      1.44%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1537      0.82%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1045      0.56%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1896      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       186896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.888250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.672335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48540     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48546                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.657582                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.073275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.435952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38594     79.50%     79.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3103      6.39%     85.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4151      8.55%     94.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2698      5.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48546                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 57540166491                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            64720403991                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   150256.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              169006.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  291173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 228065                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217840.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5136560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121550257000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              711396000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              701394120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              388162500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              382705125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500548400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485970200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049157360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1044789840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59668630560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59204714400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39954345000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40361289000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113319351180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113227974045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.675088                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.081057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24489472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24489472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20682432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20682432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159196289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159196289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134448241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134448241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293644530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293644530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382648                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323163                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323163                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24488832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20682432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24489472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20682432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    82290                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    12036                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153830776500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382648                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323163                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  3996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 88952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  50967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  52778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  53573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  54285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  19949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  27984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       185633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.330184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.971424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.487896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38253     20.61%     20.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52931     28.51%     49.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70996     38.25%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10548      5.68%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5686      3.06%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2693      1.45%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1557      0.84%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1045      0.56%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1924      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       185633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.879654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.050342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48554     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.654922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.072328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.429120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38600     79.49%     79.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3137      6.46%     85.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4148      8.54%     94.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2675      5.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 57107856464                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            64282318964                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   149247.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              167997.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  291038                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 229119                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    217948.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26224936750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5136560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122463955750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              706950720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              696306240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              385737000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              379929000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1498824600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485260400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1048975920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044738000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10047111360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59845878045                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59298443775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39798879000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40279084500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113332356645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113230873275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.759521                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.099791                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13546994                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 45.798239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.389010                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                84.083028                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    13423728     99.09%     99.09% |      122662      0.91%    100.00% |         603      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13546994                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43679687                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.116052                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.649688                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.173066                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41562377     95.15%     95.15% |     1405048      3.22%     98.37% |       23611      0.05%     98.42% |       28884      0.07%     98.49% |       56677      0.13%     98.62% |      126521      0.29%     98.91% |      175830      0.40%     99.31% |      199475      0.46%     99.77% |      101264      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43679687                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43679684                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              28.140937                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.740057                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            181.453356                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43299031     99.13%     99.13% |      294010      0.67%     99.80% |       72031      0.16%     99.97% |       12618      0.03%    100.00% |        1804      0.00%    100.00% |         182      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43679684                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41508291                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000149                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000127                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.012902                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41502414     99.99%     99.99% |        5658      0.01%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41508291                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171393                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        508.731588                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       252.939314                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       647.514670                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1790740     82.47%     82.47% |      294010     13.54%     96.01% |       72031      3.32%     99.33% |       12618      0.58%     99.91% |        1804      0.08%     99.99% |         182      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171393                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         162032                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       162032                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          802                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          494                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          511                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          480                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26914513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312094                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28226607                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14588824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14715868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       482756                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46084                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       190186                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130344                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78032                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        32285                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          625                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91525                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        32052                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91521                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        32256                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        32105                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91533                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        32348                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91536                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        32093                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91531                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        32706                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        32713                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178898                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64725                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47953                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60534                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61318                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60433                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47838                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64310                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47822                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47810                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67930                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47794                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63992                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18412                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20353                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68184                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62023                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27394                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47799                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75193                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61493                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10841                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47858                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14917                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62843                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62982                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21798396                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21798396                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22075679                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21798395                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8922197                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8909911                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21798395                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.070851                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9671067                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9671067                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9933464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9671067                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4355020                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4343807                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9671067                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.031434                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7245412                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7245412                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7540568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7245412                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2722862                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2712028                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7245412                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023550                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6105806                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6105806                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6382387                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6105806                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2352425                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2343542                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6105806                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.019846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8421846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8421846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8755596                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8421846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3595745                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3575602                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8421846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027374                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8721644                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8721644                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9042969                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8721644                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3636628                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3627560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8721644                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028348                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9244848                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9244848                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9590260                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9244848                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3335374                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3326280                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9244848                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030049                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6282376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6282376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6602913                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6282376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2389037                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2381132                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6282376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020420                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4230332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4230332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4388656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4230332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1667463                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1661316                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4230332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013750                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5559523                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5559523                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5799598                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5559523                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2355959                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2346159                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5559523                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018070                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3884287                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3884287                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3980970                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3884287                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1463386                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1461059                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3884287                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012625                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3445812                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3445812                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3472975                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3445812                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1279769                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1279308                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3445812                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011200                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4767636                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4767636                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4806646                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4767636                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967553                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1966960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4767636                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015496                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3642666                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3642666                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3672390                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3642666                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371642                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1371234                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3642666                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011840                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2103796                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2103796                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2129180                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2103796                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768907                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768548                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2103796                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006838                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3208932                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3208932                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3262475                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3208932                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166921                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1165948                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3208932                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010430                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4327016                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4327016                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4378999                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4327016                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1519644                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1518708                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4327016                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014064                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3359397                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3359397                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3415728                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3359397                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1205623                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1204609                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3359397                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010919                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3432763                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3432763                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3515485                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3432763                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1254364                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1252755                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3432763                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011158                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959241                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959241                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1982558                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959241                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724233                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723825                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959241                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1798434                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1798434                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1803697                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1798434                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720803                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720742                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1798434                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005845                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2430386                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2430386                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2438416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2430386                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034615                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034202                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2430386                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007899                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2108931                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2108931                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2116969                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2108931                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845048                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       844951                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2108931                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006855                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311381                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311381                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311381                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311381                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499461                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499461                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311381                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004262                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1759017                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1759017                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1764123                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1759017                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       675116                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       675057                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1759017                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005717                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2408423                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2408423                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2416437                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2408423                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1014149                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013779                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2408423                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007828                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2067703                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2067703                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2075736                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2067703                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819270                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819183                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2067703                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006721                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331807                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331807                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331807                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331807                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506427                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506427                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331807                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004329                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7859542                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7859542                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8311937                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7859542                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2933535                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2926994                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7859542                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025546                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7877821                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7877821                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8174544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7877821                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2896229                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2889941                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7877821                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025605                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7879838                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7879838                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8292055                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7879838                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2898596                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2891238                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7879838                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025612                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8216036                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8216036                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8582759                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8216036                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3031030                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3023528                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8216036                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026705                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12946414     29.55%     29.55% |    28798563     65.74%     95.30% |     2060275      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43805252                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12946416     29.55%     29.55% |    28798564     65.74%     95.30% |     2060275      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43805255                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   492841942                       |   692523042                       |    45975697                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   619827658                       |   117264212                       |     2060275                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   38.067834                       |   24.047139                       |   22.315321                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   47.876397                       |    4.071877                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.109430                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    16.873596                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         44.983027                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002240                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052757      7.65%      7.65% |    0.052727      7.64%     15.29% |    0.051275      7.43%     22.72% |    0.051240      7.43%     30.15% |    0.112163     16.26%     46.40% |    0.112151     16.26%     62.66% |    0.112100     16.25%     78.91% |    0.112033     16.24%     95.15% |    0.008370      1.21%     96.36% |    0.008372      1.21%     97.57% |    0.008372      1.21%     98.79% |    0.008373      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.689933                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017111                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027815                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004521                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002028                       |    0.002022                       |    0.002012                       |    0.002007                       |    0.001960                       |    0.001958                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002074                       |    0.002063                       |    0.001994                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001991                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002048                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002055                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002078                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002099                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002274                       |    0.002227                       |    0.007694                       |    0.007462                       |    0.007462                       |    0.007456                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000396                       |    0.000923                       |    0.000067                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000070                       |    0.000061                       |    0.000062                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002203                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002142                       |    0.001421                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002152                       |    0.000061                       |    0.002554                       |    0.005332                       |    0.001868                       |           0                       |    0.002277                       |    0.006835                       |           0                       |    0.005305                       |    0.008418                       |    0.002711                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002143                       |    0.000067                       |    0.005674                       |    0.004448                       |    0.009435                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002126                       |    0.000069                       |    0.007901                       |    0.004971                       |    0.002995                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |    0.006608                       |           0                       |    0.008185                       |    0.005037                       |    0.003533                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004141                       |    0.002519                       |    0.002354                       |           0                       |    0.002217                       |           0                       |    0.002078                       |    0.001423                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001149                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002384                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000062                       |    0.002450                       |    0.004104                       |    0.005308                       |    0.002222                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002122                       |    0.000065                       |    0.004705                       |    0.008236                       |    0.007162                       |    0.003300                       |    0.027697                       |    0.003980                       |    0.000396                       |    0.003383                       |    0.013594                       |    0.017744                       |    0.004058                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002247                       |    0.000923                       |    0.003369                       |    0.006706                       |    0.014130                       |    0.004059                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002113                       |    0.000069                       |    0.006915                       |    0.005461                       |    0.007892                       |    0.004115                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002022                       |    0.004101                       |    0.004079                       |    0.003175                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |    0.001120                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002359                       |           0                       |    0.002258                       |           0                       |    0.000257                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002184                       |           0                       |    0.001999                       |    0.002334                       |    0.003990                       |    0.002118                       |           0                       |    0.002412                       |    0.006609                       |           0                       |    0.001931                       |    0.005301                       |    0.007238                       |    0.002121                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002079                       |    0.000065                       |    0.014816                       |    0.005669                       |    0.003466                       |    0.002169                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002086                       |    0.000070                       |    0.002172                       |    0.007878                       |    0.004273                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.002341                       |    0.006606                       |           0                       |    0.002755                       |    0.008223                       |    0.004594                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.001149                       |    0.004071                       |    0.002296                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002207                       |           0                       |    0.000219                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002229                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002061                       |           0                       |    0.002118                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |           0                       |    0.003830                       |           0                       |    0.002121                       |           0                       |    0.002917                       |    0.000668                       |    0.004724                       |           0                       |    0.002169                       |           0                       |    0.007096                       |    0.002483                       |    0.002315                       |           0                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005123                       |    0.002749                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004562                       |    0.004410                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004167                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002229                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002099                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.689933                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14474390                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14474390                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694940                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11822652                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11167890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.461801                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          573817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29681                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14683158                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95037                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22456154                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188696                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14778195                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22644850                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37139312                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283733                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37423045                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14723052                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10097                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14733149                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14723052                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10097                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14733149                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300837200                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47174291                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76143599                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14474390                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11741707                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247628642                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       206950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       373251                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347139                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14722447                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4328                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296641810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265914290     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5810376      1.96%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1713249      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1354471      0.46%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4956231      1.67%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5251974      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1190419      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614893      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9835907      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296641810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048114                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253106                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28192152                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243860775                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17708432                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6119626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760818                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141509319                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760818                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30916085                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151370281                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16932767                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20803665                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75858187                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138207537                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2750048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         535114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150501324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311668080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187257453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132818846                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682463                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41537030                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7865725                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23016221                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1024952                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       788773                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135383992                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       575407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139538432                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294463                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600471                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17048633                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141903                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296641810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239673490     80.80%     80.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22452769      7.57%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13692999      4.62%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8648759      2.92%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3420049      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3978023      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730205      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562281      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483235      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296641810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123993      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954557     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324152     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504834      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101226440     72.54%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14900112     10.68%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22790972     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139538432                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463834                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402702                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010052                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577415784                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148569651                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130372514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140436272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1518204                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2779                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10067                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8248010                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760818                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5525189                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142719099                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135959399                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7865725                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23016221                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       566314                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         100434                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10067                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407033                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369044                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138237732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14672155                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37167397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12119760                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22495242                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459510                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130513705                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130372534                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78015257                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112226498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.433366                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695159                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930182                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       433504                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294414831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.206729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245310157     83.32%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19184996      6.52%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10980667      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10787989      3.66%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2236920      0.76%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       503437      0.17%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390327      0.81%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523629      0.18%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2496709      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294414831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64576938                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122956199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28465422                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6524347                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11413891                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122381622                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       491739                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94159555     76.58%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6524347      5.31%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21941075     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122956199                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2496709                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427596361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           274012274                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88174                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4195390                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64576938                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122956199                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.658586                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.658586                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214657                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214657                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190723910                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95161680                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60451687                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45332731                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61932654                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2401247000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2401247000.000004                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        69.622969                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       35.755667                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      119.008962                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6124853     98.03%     98.03% |      122662      1.96%     99.99% |         603      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280119                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.411823                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.308091                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.806002                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1151526     15.82%     15.82% |     3995192     54.88%     70.70% |     2030889     27.90%     98.59% |       97770      1.34%     99.93% |        4124      0.06%     99.99% |         484      0.01%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280119                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18756                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.114150                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.802234                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.115008                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         660      3.52%      3.52% |        2286     12.19%     15.71% |        8578     45.73%     61.44% |        4366     23.28%     84.72% |        2846     15.17%     99.89% |          20      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18756                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6161622                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           48.530504                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.118563                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         264.819051                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6044040     98.09%     98.09% |       88504      1.44%     99.53% |       24297      0.39%     99.92% |        4185      0.07%     99.99% |         540      0.01%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6161622                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5713635                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000638                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000551                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025391                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5709998     99.94%     99.94% |        3632      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5713635                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447987                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     629.219299                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    233.880507                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    775.190586                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      330405     73.75%     73.75% |       88504     19.76%     93.51% |       24297      5.42%     98.93% |        4185      0.93%     99.87% |         540      0.12%     99.99% |          54      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447987                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22475811                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           38.752673                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.127289                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         209.862341                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22212838     98.83%     98.83% |      205436      0.91%     99.74% |       47711      0.21%     99.96% |        8428      0.04%     99.99% |        1264      0.01%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22475811                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20907588                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000116                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000097                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.012219                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20905450     99.99%     99.99% |        1924      0.01%    100.00% |         147      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20907588                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568223                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     515.406648                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    290.098510                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    622.071977                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1305250     83.23%     83.23% |      205436     13.10%     96.33% |       47711      3.04%     99.37% |        8428      0.54%     99.91% |        1264      0.08%     99.99% |         128      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568223                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14715866                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.753168                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085418                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.962200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14715493    100.00%    100.00% |         277      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14715866                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14588824                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14588822    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14588824                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127042                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.242888                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.527554                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    79.839011                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126669     99.71%     99.71% |         277      0.22%     99.92% |          39      0.03%     99.96% |          30      0.02%     99.98% |          13      0.01%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127042                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.076698                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019529                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.265539                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      323514     99.52%     99.52% |        1446      0.44%     99.96% |         102      0.03%     99.99% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296966                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296866     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296966                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.953011                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.275302                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    82.881178                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       26548     94.43%     94.43% |        1446      5.14%     99.58% |         102      0.36%     99.94% |          15      0.05%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13400                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1666568                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       108315                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    45397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    37478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    45479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    37452                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    45367                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    37556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    45577                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    37601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    45431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    37425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   45307                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   37699                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   45346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   37271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   45348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   37371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   5323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   4026                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   5241                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   4052                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   5353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   3948                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   5143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   3903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   5289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   4079                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  5413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  3805                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  5374                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  4233                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  5372                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  4133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    29940                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    24804                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    29485                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    24648                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    29909                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    24965                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    29577                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    24717                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    29966                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    24958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   29618                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   24450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   30392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   25390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   30251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   25311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1082032                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  896408                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1041700                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  837231                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1068712                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  875153                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1038327                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  842643                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 1074691                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  870607                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                1031893                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 853042                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                1172818                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 992855                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                1115636                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295878053                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                12720                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 9461                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                12766                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 9442                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                12824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 9470                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                12797                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 9508                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                12770                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 9424                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               12752                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                9429                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12786                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                9370                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               12767                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                9410                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               1904                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1067                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1858                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1086                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               1800                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1058                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1827                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1020                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1854                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1104                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1872                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1099                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              1838                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1158                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1857                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1118                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               32677                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               28017                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               32713                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               28010                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               32543                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               28086                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               32780                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               28093                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               32661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               28001                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              32555                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              28270                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              32560                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              27901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              32581                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              27961                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              3419                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              2959                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              3383                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              2966                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              3553                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              2890                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              3316                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              2883                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              3435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              2975                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             3541                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             2706                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             3536                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             3075                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             3515                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             3015                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2502329                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2119132                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2490514                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2097142                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2484058                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2109049                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2528673                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2112961                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2483348                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2072523                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2494953                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2100044                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2471286                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2149030                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2539201                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2060049                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1533134                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1149111                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1489345                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1265354                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1515045                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1105863                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1548140                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1060904                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1481424                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1223405                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1564614                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1262112                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1412737                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1192079                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1642005                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1169736                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             596091                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             519737                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             595219                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             521696                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             596077                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             522281                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             598504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             522665                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             596246                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             523297                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            596060                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            521959                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            595879                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            524879                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            596778                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            521880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2886422                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2712215                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2845822                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2560714                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2960751                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2697968                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2863596                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2793562                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2974412                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2549056                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2838238                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2535897                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3035024                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2703996                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2818364                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2643459                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1533134                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1149111                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1489345                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1265354                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1515045                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1105863                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1548140                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1060904                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1481424                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1223405                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1564614                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1262112                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1412737                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1192079                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1642005                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1169736                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        594240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        516601                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        594825                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        515427                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        594155                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        515847                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        593889                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        515118                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        594142                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        514579                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594247                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       515311                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       594453                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       514333                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       594396                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       514916                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1892094                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1642463                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1876545                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1601846                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1887925                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1641004                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1888599                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1646699                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1885652                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1584290                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1862230                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1615530                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1886597                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1664040                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1913615                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1600266                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2477890                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2093986                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2453761                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2065580                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2457972                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2085407                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2489776                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2086700                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2455360                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2038615                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2462673                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2076418                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2452561                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2114553                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2500836                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2031028                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305505929                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305505925                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305505931                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305505927                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305505936                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305505932                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305505948                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305505944                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2483158                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2105122                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2478054                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2083396                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2465175                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2097192                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2517963                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2098619                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2454654                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2062859                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2476857                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2086359                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2457649                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2143587                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2524334                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2047214                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               948                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               710                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              737                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              7111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6510                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              7528                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              6689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              7034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              6342                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              7398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              6569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              7035                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              6394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             7387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             6906                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             6598                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             6007                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             6751                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6056                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2871                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2838                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              2201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2806                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             3013                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2473                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1887                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2567                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          330353                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          207034                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          319508                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          201908                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          333884                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          211143                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          316859                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          222505                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          334759                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles          203389                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         322321                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         204161                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         367496                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles         256975                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         342621                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         236139                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394799     25.58%     25.58% |      382951     24.81%     50.39% |      382964     24.81%     75.21% |      382648     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543362                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328873     25.68%     25.68% |      317339     24.77%     50.45% |      317359     24.78%     75.23% |      317320     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1280891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394825     25.58%     25.58% |      382951     24.81%     50.39% |      382964     24.81%     75.21% |      382648     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543388                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334704     25.66%     25.66% |      323177     24.78%     50.44% |      323200     24.78%     75.22% |      323163     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304244                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57734     25.13%     25.13% |       57420     25.00%     50.13% |       57413     24.99%     75.13% |       57136     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229703                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394799     25.58%     25.58% |      382951     24.81%     50.39% |      382964     24.81%     75.21% |      382648     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543362                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328617     25.67%     25.67% |      317145     24.78%     50.45% |      317168     24.78%     75.23% |      317131     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280061                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57734     25.13%     25.13% |       57420     25.00%     50.13% |       57413     24.99%     75.13% |       57136     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229703                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394798     25.58%     25.58% |      382951     24.81%     50.39% |      382964     24.81%     75.21% |      382648     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543361                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328617     25.67%     25.67% |      317145     24.78%     50.45% |      317168     24.78%     75.23% |      317131     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280061                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5962718     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |       25088      0.41%     97.15% |       25088      0.41%     97.56% |       25088      0.41%     97.96% |       25088      0.41%     98.37% |       25088      0.41%     98.78% |       25088      0.41%     99.19% |       25088      0.41%     99.59% |       25088      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6163436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14715916    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14715916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22266071     97.65%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |       67063      0.29%     97.94% |       67064      0.29%     98.24% |       67063      0.29%     98.53% |       67064      0.29%     98.82% |       67063      0.29%     99.12% |       67063      0.29%     99.41% |       67062      0.29%     99.71% |       67066      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22802579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18657     99.70%     99.70% |          14      0.07%     99.78% |           2      0.01%     99.79% |           4      0.02%     99.81% |           8      0.04%     99.85% |          10      0.05%     99.90% |          10      0.05%     99.96% |           5      0.03%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1433942     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       91036      4.21%     70.53% |       91016      4.21%     74.74% |       91014      4.21%     78.95% |       91047      4.21%     83.16% |       91045      4.21%     87.37% |       91039      4.21%     91.58% |       91028      4.21%     95.79% |       91029      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           2     10.00%     20.00% |           4     20.00%     40.00% |           2     10.00%     50.00% |           6     30.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           8     34.78%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           6     26.09%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247369     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24724      5.55%     61.13% |       24721      5.55%     66.68% |       24716      5.55%     72.24% |       24719      5.55%     77.79% |       24713      5.55%     83.34% |       24718      5.55%     88.89% |       24718      5.55%     94.45% |       24722      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           3     13.04%     26.09% |           0      0.00%     26.09% |           8     34.78%     60.87% |           4     17.39%     78.26% |           5     21.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191750     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       66807      3.87%     72.91% |       66801      3.87%     76.78% |       66805      3.87%     80.65% |       66812      3.87%     84.52% |       66816      3.87%     88.39% |       66813      3.87%     92.26% |       66813      3.87%     96.13% |       66805      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307120     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       91016      4.47%     68.70% |       91007      4.47%     73.17% |       90997      4.47%     77.64% |       91015      4.47%     82.11% |       91005      4.47%     86.58% |       91019      4.47%     91.06% |       91019      4.47%     95.53% |       91008      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      249979     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       24725      5.52%     61.35% |       24724      5.52%     66.87% |       24716      5.52%     72.39% |       24727      5.52%     77.92% |       24717      5.52%     83.44% |       24723      5.52%     88.96% |       24718      5.52%     94.48% |       24722      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122540    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061825     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66807      4.19%     70.70% |       66801      4.18%     74.89% |       66805      4.18%     79.07% |       66812      4.19%     83.26% |       66816      4.19%     87.44% |       66813      4.19%     91.63% |       66813      4.19%     95.82% |       66805      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.63%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           2      0.02%     99.64% |           4      0.04%     99.68% |           8      0.07%     99.75% |          10      0.09%     99.84% |          10      0.09%     99.93% |           5      0.04%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         223    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4504    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          51    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1828     98.92%     98.92% |           0      0.00%     98.92% |           2      0.11%     99.03% |           2      0.11%     99.13% |           4      0.22%     99.35% |           2      0.11%     99.46% |           6      0.32%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           4      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1848                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14588824    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14588824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5439     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           4      0.00%     99.97% |           8      0.01%     99.98% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2578902     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         363      0.01%     99.90% |         364      0.01%     99.91% |         372      0.01%     99.93% |         361      0.01%     99.94% |         371      0.01%     99.96% |         365      0.01%     99.97% |         370      0.01%     99.99% |         366      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2581834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       58997    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        58997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1878     99.37%     99.37% |          12      0.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186418     48.53%     48.53% |           0      0.00%     48.53% |       24723      6.44%     54.96% |       24720      6.44%     61.40% |       24708      6.43%     67.83% |       24717      6.43%     74.26% |       24707      6.43%     80.70% |       24718      6.43%     87.13% |       24718      6.43%     93.57% |       24719      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           1      4.76%      9.52% |           8     38.10%     47.62% |           2      9.52%     57.14% |           6     28.57%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2979483    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2979483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21144813     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         255      0.00%     99.99% |         261      0.00%     99.99% |         255      0.00%     99.99% |         251      0.00%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |         248      0.00%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |         258      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21146835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         176    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120702     67.88%     67.88% |           0      0.00%     67.88% |       66293      4.02%     71.89% |       66287      4.01%     75.91% |       66289      4.01%     79.92% |       66298      4.02%     83.94% |       66298      4.02%     87.95% |       66301      4.02%     91.97% |       66301      4.02%     95.99% |       66289      4.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           2     10.00%     20.00% |           4     20.00%     40.00% |           2     10.00%     50.00% |           6     30.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     98.06%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           3      0.49%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |           1      0.16%     98.71% |           1      0.16%     98.87% |           1      0.16%     99.03% |           2      0.32%     99.35% |           4      0.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247369     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24724      5.55%     61.13% |       24721      5.55%     66.68% |       24716      5.55%     72.24% |       24719      5.55%     77.79% |       24713      5.55%     83.34% |       24718      5.55%     88.89% |       24718      5.55%     94.45% |       24722      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           3     13.04%     26.09% |           0      0.00%     26.09% |           8     34.78%     60.87% |           4     17.39%     78.26% |           5     21.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129874    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     12.15%     12.15% |           0      0.00%     12.15% |          13     12.15%     24.30% |           3      2.80%     27.10% |           5      4.67%     31.78% |          19     17.76%     49.53% |          23     21.50%     71.03% |          14     13.08%     84.11% |           7      6.54%     90.65% |          10      9.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total          107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061876     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66807      4.18%     70.70% |       66801      4.18%     74.89% |       66805      4.18%     79.07% |       66812      4.19%     83.26% |       66816      4.19%     87.44% |       66813      4.19%     91.63% |       66813      4.19%     95.82% |       66805      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1813    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     96.34%     96.34% |           0      0.00%     96.34% |           1      0.26%     96.61% |           2      0.52%     97.13% |           3      0.78%     97.91% |           1      0.26%     98.17% |           0      0.00%     98.17% |           2      0.52%     98.69% |           2      0.52%     99.22% |           3      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307120     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       91016      4.47%     68.70% |       91007      4.47%     73.17% |       90997      4.47%     77.64% |       91015      4.47%     82.11% |       91005      4.47%     86.58% |       91019      4.47%     91.06% |       91019      4.47%     95.53% |       91008      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3740      2.94%      6.03% |        3536      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3656      2.88%     14.46% |        4076      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3394      2.67%     23.37% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5258      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.59% |        3927      3.09%     36.68% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.24% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4269      3.36%     52.61% |        4305      3.39%     56.00% |        3751      2.95%     58.95% |        3432      2.70%     61.65% |        3173      2.50%     64.15% |        3786      2.98%     67.13% |        3594      2.83%     69.96% |        3439      2.71%     72.66% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.66% |        3357      2.64%     81.30% |        4763      3.75%     85.05% |        4099      3.23%     88.27% |        5243      4.13%     92.40% |        5177      4.07%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127096                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108451     24.21%     24.21% |       13871      3.10%     27.30% |       11535      2.57%     29.88% |       12317      2.75%     32.63% |       11483      2.56%     35.19% |       10961      2.45%     37.64% |        9721      2.17%     39.81% |        9720      2.17%     41.98% |       11699      2.61%     44.59% |       10324      2.30%     46.89% |       13057      2.91%     49.81% |       12101      2.70%     52.51% |       10145      2.26%     54.77% |        9916      2.21%     56.99% |        9380      2.09%     59.08% |        9712      2.17%     61.25% |       10932      2.44%     63.69% |       10105      2.26%     65.94% |       10360      2.31%     68.26% |       10698      2.39%     70.65% |       10619      2.37%     73.02% |       11063      2.47%     75.49% |       12404      2.77%     78.25% |        9958      2.22%     80.48% |       10122      2.26%     82.74% |       10760      2.40%     85.14% |        9978      2.23%     87.37% |        9725      2.17%     89.54% |       11141      2.49%     92.02% |       10194      2.28%     94.30% |       11925      2.66%     96.96% |       13618      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447995                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66533      4.17%      4.17% |       50421      3.16%      7.33% |       47234      2.96%     10.29% |       46168      2.89%     13.18% |       46347      2.90%     16.08% |       46462      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47477      2.97%     27.66% |       47400      2.97%     30.63% |       47606      2.98%     33.61% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.49% |       47090      2.95%     45.44% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48204      3.02%     51.41% |       48414      3.03%     54.44% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.69% |       50288      3.15%     63.84% |       52051      3.26%     67.10% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50989      3.19%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596375                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172993      8.50%      8.50% |       64064      3.15%     11.65% |       58560      2.88%     14.53% |       58272      2.86%     17.39% |       57591      2.83%     20.22% |       56291      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.68% |       55105      2.71%     28.38% |       58961      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60436      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58947      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60914      2.99%     78.01% |       62289      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61233      3.01%     87.05% |       63907      3.14%     90.19% |       61729      3.03%     93.23% |       69835      3.43%     96.66% |       68022      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035208                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51104      3.99%      3.99% |       39622      3.10%      7.09% |       39645      3.10%     10.19% |       39636      3.10%     13.28% |       39615      3.10%     16.38% |       39625      3.10%     19.47% |       39629      3.10%     22.57% |       39635      3.10%     25.67% |       39645      3.10%     28.76% |       39644      3.10%     31.86% |       39645      3.10%     34.96% |       39652      3.10%     38.06% |       39624      3.10%     41.15% |       39635      3.10%     44.25% |       39637      3.10%     47.34% |       39623      3.10%     50.44% |       39665      3.10%     53.54% |       39648      3.10%     56.64% |       39654      3.10%     59.73% |       39649      3.10%     62.83% |       39631      3.10%     65.93% |       39659      3.10%     69.03% |       39652      3.10%     72.13% |       39646      3.10%     75.22% |       39653      3.10%     78.32% |       39652      3.10%     81.42% |       39648      3.10%     84.52% |       39640      3.10%     87.61% |       39646      3.10%     90.71% |       39631      3.10%     93.81% |       39640      3.10%     96.90% |       39633      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1279963                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7404      3.22%      3.22% |        7206      3.14%      6.36% |        7197      3.13%      9.49% |        7158      3.11%     12.60% |        7206      3.14%     15.74% |        7141      3.11%     18.85% |        7165      3.12%     21.97% |        7175      3.12%     25.09% |        7233      3.15%     28.24% |        7170      3.12%     31.36% |        7234      3.15%     34.50% |        7213      3.14%     37.64% |        7281      3.17%     40.81% |        7210      3.14%     43.95% |        7231      3.15%     47.09% |        7142      3.11%     50.20% |        7169      3.12%     53.32% |        7196      3.13%     56.45% |        7215      3.14%     59.59% |        7141      3.11%     62.70% |        7143      3.11%     65.81% |        7133      3.10%     68.91% |        7110      3.09%     72.01% |        7101      3.09%     75.10% |        7195      3.13%     78.23% |        7240      3.15%     81.38% |        7169      3.12%     84.50% |        7091      3.09%     87.58% |        7137      3.11%     90.69% |        7153      3.11%     93.80% |        7110      3.09%     96.90% |        7132      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229801                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59624      3.86%      3.86% |       47878      3.10%      6.97% |       47890      3.10%     10.07% |       47842      3.10%     13.17% |       47867      3.10%     16.27% |       47813      3.10%     19.37% |       47842      3.10%     22.47% |       47858      3.10%     25.57% |       47926      3.11%     28.67% |       47862      3.10%     31.77% |       47926      3.11%     34.88% |       47912      3.10%     37.98% |       47953      3.11%     41.09% |       47892      3.10%     44.19% |       47915      3.10%     47.30% |       47812      3.10%     50.40% |       47881      3.10%     53.50% |       47892      3.10%     56.60% |       47916      3.10%     59.71% |       47838      3.10%     62.81% |       47822      3.10%     65.91% |       47841      3.10%     69.01% |       47810      3.10%     72.10% |       47794      3.10%     75.20% |       47895      3.10%     78.30% |       47941      3.11%     81.41% |       47866      3.10%     84.51% |       47778      3.10%     87.61% |       47830      3.10%     90.71% |       47832      3.10%     93.80% |       47799      3.10%     96.90% |       47814      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543361                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58600      3.88%      3.88% |       46854      3.10%      6.98% |       46866      3.10%     10.08% |       46818      3.10%     13.18% |       46843      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46818      3.10%     22.48% |       46834      3.10%     25.58% |       46902      3.10%     28.69% |       46838      3.10%     31.79% |       46902      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46929      3.11%     41.10% |       46868      3.10%     44.20% |       46891      3.10%     47.31% |       46788      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46868      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.71% |       46814      3.10%     62.81% |       46798      3.10%     65.91% |       46817      3.10%     69.01% |       46786      3.10%     72.11% |       46770      3.10%     75.20% |       46871      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46842      3.10%     84.51% |       46754      3.10%     87.61% |       46806      3.10%     90.71% |       46808      3.10%     93.81% |       46775      3.10%     96.90% |       46790      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510593                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          55     30.90%     30.90% |           0      0.00%     30.90% |           6      3.37%     34.27% |           4      2.25%     36.52% |          23     12.92%     49.44% |          24     13.48%     62.92% |           2      1.12%     64.04% |           4      2.25%     66.29% |           3      1.69%     67.98% |           1      0.56%     68.54% |           3      1.69%     70.22% |           3      1.69%     71.91% |           2      1.12%     73.03% |           0      0.00%     73.03% |           0      0.00%     73.03% |           0      0.00%     73.03% |           1      0.56%     73.60% |           1      0.56%     74.16% |           6      3.37%     77.53% |           3      1.69%     79.21% |           1      0.56%     79.78% |           3      1.69%     81.46% |           3      1.69%     83.15% |           3      1.69%     84.83% |           3      1.69%     86.52% |           3      1.69%     88.20% |           3      1.69%     89.89% |           4      2.25%     92.13% |           4      2.25%     94.38% |           4      2.25%     96.63% |           5      2.81%     99.44% |           1      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          21     91.30%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         639      3.45%      3.45% |         548      2.96%      6.41% |         529      2.86%      9.27% |         522      2.82%     12.09% |         567      3.06%     15.15% |         527      2.85%     18.00% |         567      3.06%     21.06% |         588      3.18%     24.24% |         622      3.36%     27.60% |         544      2.94%     30.53% |         611      3.30%     33.83% |         623      3.37%     37.20% |         678      3.66%     40.86% |         619      3.34%     44.20% |         637      3.44%     47.65% |         578      3.12%     50.77% |         587      3.17%     53.94% |         622      3.36%     57.30% |         616      3.33%     60.62% |         558      3.01%     63.64% |         555      3.00%     66.64% |         570      3.08%     69.71% |         537      2.90%     72.62% |         526      2.84%     75.46% |         602      3.25%     78.71% |         644      3.48%     82.19% |         589      3.18%     85.37% |         532      2.87%     88.24% |         542      2.93%     91.17% |         562      3.04%     94.20% |         544      2.94%     97.14% |         529      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18514                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          21     91.30%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173298      8.49%      8.49% |       64270      3.15%     11.64% |       58763      2.88%     14.52% |       58464      2.86%     17.38% |       57802      2.83%     20.21% |       56505      2.77%     22.98% |       55010      2.69%     25.67% |       55303      2.71%     28.38% |       59171      2.90%     31.28% |       57720      2.83%     34.11% |       60646      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56866      2.79%     42.81% |       56794      2.78%     45.60% |       56451      2.77%     48.36% |       56868      2.79%     51.15% |       59134      2.90%     54.04% |       58513      2.87%     56.91% |       59895      2.93%     59.84% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63096      3.09%     68.90% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60550      2.97%     75.02% |       61101      2.99%     78.01% |       62475      3.06%     81.07% |       60799      2.98%     84.05% |       61422      3.01%     87.06% |       64098      3.14%     90.20% |       61919      3.03%     93.23% |       70026      3.43%     96.66% |       68217      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041496                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         470      2.83%      6.09% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         512      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.81%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         528      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         486      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.22% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.49%     47.22% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.57% |         569      3.43%     56.99% |         562      3.38%     60.38% |         509      3.06%     63.44% |         502      3.02%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.25% |         488      2.94%     91.18% |         509      3.06%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16607                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18676      7.92%      7.92% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7085      3.01%     13.93% |        7030      2.98%     16.91% |        7003      2.97%     19.89% |        6982      2.96%     22.85% |        6999      2.97%     25.82% |        6994      2.97%     28.78% |        7030      2.98%     31.77% |        7032      2.98%     34.75% |        7064      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6996      2.97%     43.68% |        6993      2.97%     46.65% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.54% |        6972      2.96%     58.49% |        7005      2.97%     61.46% |        6984      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6967      2.96%     70.34% |        6991      2.97%     73.31% |        6985      2.96%     76.27% |        7002      2.97%     79.24% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6985      2.96%     85.18% |        6963      2.95%     88.13% |        7006      2.97%     91.11% |        6986      2.96%     94.07% |        6960      2.95%     97.02% |        7018      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40406      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40365      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291045                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         563      3.39%      3.39% |         469      2.82%      6.21% |         464      2.79%      9.01% |         465      2.80%     11.81% |         510      3.07%     14.88% |         467      2.81%     17.69% |         506      3.05%     20.73% |         528      3.18%     23.91% |         546      3.29%     27.20% |         484      2.91%     30.11% |         534      3.21%     33.33% |         566      3.41%     36.74% |         618      3.72%     40.46% |         561      3.38%     43.84% |         577      3.47%     47.31% |         521      3.14%     50.45% |         530      3.19%     53.64% |         568      3.42%     57.06% |         563      3.39%     60.45% |         505      3.04%     63.49% |         502      3.02%     66.51% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.36% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.21% |         533      3.21%     85.42% |         477      2.87%     88.29% |         485      2.92%     91.21% |         507      3.05%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88092     42.06%     42.06% |        6770      3.23%     45.30% |        4444      2.12%     47.42% |        5262      2.51%     49.93% |        4468      2.13%     52.07% |        3066      1.46%     53.53% |        2708      1.29%     54.82% |        2718      1.30%     56.12% |        4664      2.23%     58.35% |        3288      1.57%     59.92% |        5976      2.85%     62.77% |        5110      2.44%     65.21% |        3147      1.50%     66.71% |        2921      1.39%     68.11% |        2363      1.13%     69.24% |        2748      1.31%     70.55% |        3933      1.88%     72.43% |        3127      1.49%     73.92% |        3303      1.58%     75.50% |        3714      1.77%     77.27% |        3639      1.74%     79.01% |        4078      1.95%     80.96% |        5403      2.58%     83.54% |        2970      1.42%     84.95% |        3110      1.49%     86.44% |        3751      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.66% |        2757      1.32%     90.97% |        4133      1.97%     92.95% |        3207      1.53%     94.48% |        4963      2.37%     96.85% |        6598      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209422                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26100      8.55%      8.55% |       10086      3.30%     11.85% |        6891      2.26%     14.11% |        5819      1.91%     16.02% |        5977      1.96%     17.98% |        6092      2.00%     19.97% |        4963      1.63%     21.60% |        5255      1.72%     23.32% |        7128      2.34%     25.65% |        7055      2.31%     27.97% |        7276      2.38%     30.35% |        7753      2.54%     32.89% |        6380      2.09%     34.98% |        6542      2.14%     37.12% |        6749      2.21%     39.33% |        6831      2.24%     41.57% |        7852      2.57%     44.14% |        8063      2.64%     46.78% |        9229      3.02%     49.81% |        9835      3.22%     53.03% |        9948      3.26%     56.29% |       11697      3.83%     60.12% |       11593      3.80%     63.92% |       10254      3.36%     67.28% |       10641      3.49%     70.76% |       11373      3.73%     74.49% |       10473      3.43%     77.92% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.14%     85.78% |       11388      3.73%     89.51% |       17753      5.82%     95.33% |       14270      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305254                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51102      3.99%      3.99% |       39616      3.10%      7.09% |       39639      3.10%     10.19% |       39631      3.10%     13.28% |       39614      3.10%     16.38% |       39620      3.10%     19.47% |       39627      3.10%     22.57% |       39631      3.10%     25.66% |       39643      3.10%     28.76% |       39642      3.10%     31.86% |       39641      3.10%     34.96% |       39651      3.10%     38.05% |       39623      3.10%     41.15% |       39634      3.10%     44.25% |       39635      3.10%     47.34% |       39622      3.10%     50.44% |       39664      3.10%     53.54% |       39647      3.10%     56.64% |       39651      3.10%     59.73% |       39649      3.10%     62.83% |       39631      3.10%     65.93% |       39657      3.10%     69.03% |       39650      3.10%     72.12% |       39644      3.10%     75.22% |       39651      3.10%     78.32% |       39651      3.10%     81.42% |       39645      3.10%     84.52% |       39638      3.10%     87.61% |       39643      3.10%     90.71% |       39629      3.10%     93.81% |       39638      3.10%     96.90% |       39631      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1279890                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6766      3.20%      3.20% |        6664      3.15%      6.36% |        6668      3.16%      9.51% |        6637      3.14%     12.66% |        6617      3.13%     15.79% |        6596      3.12%     18.91% |        6598      3.12%     22.03% |        6587      3.12%     25.15% |        6610      3.13%     28.28% |        6627      3.14%     31.42% |        6624      3.14%     34.56% |        6588      3.12%     37.67% |        6602      3.13%     40.80% |        6592      3.12%     43.92% |        6596      3.12%     47.04% |        6565      3.11%     50.15% |        6582      3.12%     53.27% |        6574      3.11%     56.38% |        6596      3.12%     59.50% |        6580      3.11%     62.62% |        6587      3.12%     65.73% |        6562      3.11%     68.84% |        6572      3.11%     71.95% |        6574      3.11%     75.06% |        6592      3.12%     78.18% |        6594      3.12%     81.31% |        6580      3.11%     84.42% |        6557      3.10%     87.53% |        6595      3.12%     90.65% |        6589      3.12%     93.77% |        6563      3.11%     96.87% |        6604      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          21     91.30%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172991      8.50%      8.50% |       64064      3.15%     11.65% |       58560      2.88%     14.53% |       58272      2.86%     17.39% |       57591      2.83%     20.22% |       56291      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.68% |       55105      2.71%     28.38% |       58961      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60436      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58947      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60914      2.99%     78.01% |       62289      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61233      3.01%     87.05% |       63907      3.14%     90.19% |       61729      3.03%     93.23% |       69835      3.43%     96.66% |       68022      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.39%      3.39% |           2      3.39%      6.78% |           5      8.47%     15.25% |           4      6.78%     22.03% |           1      1.69%     23.73% |           3      5.08%     28.81% |           2      3.39%     32.20% |           4      6.78%     38.98% |           2      3.39%     42.37% |           1      1.69%     44.07% |           3      5.08%     49.15% |           1      1.69%     50.85% |           1      1.69%     52.54% |           1      1.69%     54.24% |           1      1.69%     55.93% |           1      1.69%     57.63% |           1      1.69%     59.32% |           1      1.69%     61.02% |           2      3.39%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           2      3.39%     67.80% |           2      3.39%     71.19% |           2      3.39%     74.58% |           1      1.69%     76.27% |           1      1.69%     77.97% |           3      5.08%     83.05% |           2      3.39%     86.44% |           2      3.39%     89.83% |           2      3.39%     93.22% |           2      3.39%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          75      3.84%      3.84% |          73      3.74%      7.58% |          65      3.33%     10.91% |          56      2.87%     13.77% |          79      4.05%     17.82% |          78      3.99%     21.81% |          61      3.12%     24.94% |          60      3.07%     28.01% |          77      3.94%     31.95% |          59      3.02%     34.97% |          76      3.89%     38.86% |          59      3.02%     41.88% |          61      3.12%     45.01% |          57      2.92%     47.93% |          58      2.97%     50.90% |          56      2.87%     53.76% |          57      2.92%     56.68% |          54      2.76%     59.45% |          56      2.87%     62.31% |          56      2.87%     65.18% |          54      2.76%     67.95% |          52      2.66%     70.61% |          56      2.87%     73.48% |          58      2.97%     76.45% |          56      2.87%     79.31% |          55      2.82%     82.13% |          56      2.87%     85.00% |          57      2.92%     87.92% |          57      2.92%     90.83% |          57      2.92%     93.75% |          60      3.07%     96.83% |          62      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1953                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           9     18.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |          14     28.00%     56.00% |          10     20.00%     76.00% |          12     24.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |          16     88.89%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58600      3.88%      3.88% |       46854      3.10%      6.98% |       46866      3.10%     10.08% |       46818      3.10%     13.18% |       46843      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46818      3.10%     22.48% |       46834      3.10%     25.58% |       46902      3.10%     28.69% |       46838      3.10%     31.79% |       46902      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46929      3.11%     41.10% |       46868      3.10%     44.20% |       46891      3.10%     47.31% |       46788      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46868      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.71% |       46814      3.10%     62.81% |       46798      3.10%     65.91% |       46817      3.10%     69.01% |       46786      3.10%     72.11% |       46770      3.10%     75.20% |       46871      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46842      3.10%     84.51% |       46754      3.10%     87.61% |       46806      3.10%     90.71% |       46808      3.10%     93.81% |       46775      3.10%     96.90% |       46790      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510593                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           2      2.04%      2.04% |           0      0.00%      2.04% |           4      4.08%      6.12% |           3      3.06%      9.18% |          22     22.45%     31.63% |          22     22.45%     54.08% |           1      1.02%     55.10% |           3      3.06%     58.16% |           3      3.06%     61.22% |           1      1.02%     62.24% |           2      2.04%     64.29% |           3      3.06%     67.35% |           2      2.04%     69.39% |           0      0.00%     69.39% |           0      0.00%     69.39% |           0      0.00%     69.39% |           1      1.02%     70.41% |           1      1.02%     71.43% |           5      5.10%     76.53% |           3      3.06%     79.59% |           1      1.02%     80.61% |           1      1.02%     81.63% |           2      2.04%     83.67% |           2      2.04%     85.71% |           2      2.04%     87.76% |           2      2.04%     89.80% |           1      1.02%     90.82% |           2      2.04%     92.86% |           1      1.02%     93.88% |           2      2.04%     95.92% |           3      3.06%     98.98% |           1      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           98                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          73      3.94%      3.94% |          73      3.94%      7.87% |          61      3.29%     11.16% |          53      2.86%     14.02% |          57      3.07%     17.09% |          56      3.02%     20.11% |          60      3.23%     23.34% |          57      3.07%     26.42% |          74      3.99%     30.40% |          58      3.13%     33.53% |          74      3.99%     37.52% |          56      3.02%     40.54% |          59      3.18%     43.72% |          57      3.07%     46.79% |          58      3.13%     49.92% |          56      3.02%     52.94% |          56      3.02%     55.96% |          53      2.86%     58.81% |          51      2.75%     61.56% |          53      2.86%     64.42% |          53      2.86%     67.28% |          51      2.75%     70.03% |          54      2.91%     72.94% |          56      3.02%     75.96% |          54      2.91%     78.87% |          53      2.86%     81.73% |          55      2.96%     84.69% |          55      2.96%     87.65% |          56      3.02%     90.67% |          55      2.96%     93.64% |          57      3.07%     96.71% |          61      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1855                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         563      3.39%      3.39% |         469      2.82%      6.21% |         464      2.79%      9.01% |         465      2.80%     11.81% |         510      3.07%     14.88% |         467      2.81%     17.69% |         506      3.05%     20.73% |         528      3.18%     23.91% |         546      3.29%     27.20% |         484      2.91%     30.11% |         534      3.21%     33.33% |         566      3.41%     36.74% |         618      3.72%     40.46% |         561      3.38%     43.84% |         577      3.47%     47.31% |         521      3.14%     50.45% |         530      3.19%     53.64% |         568      3.42%     57.06% |         563      3.39%     60.45% |         505      3.04%     63.49% |         502      3.02%     66.51% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.36% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.21% |         533      3.21%     85.42% |         477      2.87%     88.29% |         485      2.92%     91.21% |         507      3.05%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18676      7.92%      7.92% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7085      3.01%     13.93% |        7030      2.98%     16.91% |        7003      2.97%     19.89% |        6982      2.96%     22.85% |        6999      2.97%     25.82% |        6994      2.97%     28.78% |        7030      2.98%     31.77% |        7032      2.98%     34.75% |        7064      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6996      2.97%     43.68% |        6993      2.97%     46.65% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.54% |        6972      2.96%     58.49% |        7005      2.97%     61.46% |        6984      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6967      2.96%     70.34% |        6991      2.97%     73.31% |        6985      2.96%     76.27% |        7002      2.97%     79.24% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6985      2.96%     85.18% |        6963      2.95%     88.13% |        7006      2.97%     91.11% |        6986      2.96%     94.07% |        6960      2.95%     97.02% |        7018      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         470      2.83%      6.09% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         511      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.81%     17.57% |         504      3.04%     20.61% |         528      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         486      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.22% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.49%     47.21% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.43%     56.99% |         562      3.38%     60.38% |         509      3.07%     63.44% |         502      3.02%     66.46% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.30% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.25% |         488      2.94%     91.18% |         509      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40406      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40365      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291045                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173294      8.49%      8.49% |       64264      3.15%     11.64% |       58761      2.88%     14.52% |       58458      2.86%     17.38% |       57801      2.83%     20.21% |       56505      2.77%     22.98% |       55009      2.69%     25.67% |       55303      2.71%     28.38% |       59171      2.90%     31.28% |       57719      2.83%     34.11% |       60645      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56862      2.79%     42.81% |       56794      2.78%     45.59% |       56448      2.77%     48.36% |       56868      2.79%     51.15% |       59134      2.90%     54.04% |       58513      2.87%     56.91% |       59886      2.93%     59.84% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63096      3.09%     68.90% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60550      2.97%     75.02% |       61100      2.99%     78.01% |       62473      3.06%     81.07% |       60798      2.98%     84.05% |       61421      3.01%     87.06% |       64098      3.14%     90.20% |       61918      3.03%     93.23% |       70025      3.43%     96.66% |       68217      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041451                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          21     91.30%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           23                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      121717     21.43%     21.43% |      284005     50.00%     71.43% |       20489      3.61%     75.04% |       21376      3.76%     78.80% |       20127      3.54%     82.34% |       21102      3.72%     86.06% |       20094      3.54%     89.60% |       21393      3.77%     93.36% |       18678      3.29%     96.65% |       19029      3.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       568010                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      121717     21.43%     21.43% |      284005     50.00%     71.43% |       20489      3.61%     75.04% |       21376      3.76%     78.80% |       20127      3.54%     82.34% |       21102      3.72%     86.06% |       20094      3.54%     89.60% |       21393      3.77%     93.36% |       18678      3.29%     96.65% |       19029      3.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       568010                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      121717     21.43%     21.43% |      284005     50.00%     71.43% |       20489      3.61%     75.04% |       21376      3.76%     78.80% |       20127      3.54%     82.34% |       21102      3.72%     86.06% |       20094      3.54%     89.60% |       21393      3.77%     93.36% |       18678      3.29%     96.65% |       19029      3.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       568010                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      121717     21.43%     21.43% |      284005     50.00%     71.43% |       20489      3.61%     75.04% |       21376      3.76%     78.80% |       20127      3.54%     82.34% |       21102      3.72%     86.06% |       20094      3.54%     89.60% |       21393      3.77%     93.36% |       18678      3.29%     96.65% |       19029      3.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       568010                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
