
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038818                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38818214500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214986293000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 102855                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   181119                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              219845668                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3225056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   176.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    18161172                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      31980244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120786184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            120786184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73731985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73731985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    194518169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194518169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2862080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      362                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2210                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38817702000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  45464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   7986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   8230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   8337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.745162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.547319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   235.287430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12578     38.95%     38.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7175     22.22%     61.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8074     25.00%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1064      3.29%     89.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          748      2.32%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          560      1.73%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          441      1.37%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          420      1.30%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1235      3.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.210791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.063643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7944     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.624450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.391896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.231298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7422     93.35%     93.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           162      2.04%     95.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          107      1.35%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          260      3.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3443855941                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4817255941                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    47016.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               65766.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      120.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   120.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56239                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29424                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    329013.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429479500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1296100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    27089292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              126176400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              117936000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               68846250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64350000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289933800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281244600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146797920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142955280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2535171600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2535171600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14168942010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13790917440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10859933250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11191533750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28195801230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28124108670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.420388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.573342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117581091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117581091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70756062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70756062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188337153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           188337153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      355                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2115                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38817450000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  44592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   7968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.483221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.914044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.692596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9295     32.49%     32.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6634     23.19%     55.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8021     28.04%     83.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1203      4.21%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          841      2.94%     90.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          563      1.97%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          440      1.54%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          444      1.55%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1167      4.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.335735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.441703                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7626     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.621168                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.388779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.224597                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7111     93.15%     93.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           170      2.23%     95.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          113      1.48%     96.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          240      3.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3145506643                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4482400393                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    44115.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               62865.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      117.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       70.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    70.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55767                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29834                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    339809.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10618167000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1296100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26900942000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112833000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103435920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61565625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56438250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282750000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273280800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141205680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2535171600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2535171600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14035487625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13361193585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10976998500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11568484500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28146012030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          28034868735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.137648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.274216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    117642093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            117642093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     70795631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            70795631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    188437724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           188437724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71354                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2748160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      290                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2160                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38817688500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71354                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  44838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   3536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   8021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.116547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.373067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.851190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9294     32.55%     32.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6519     22.83%     55.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8153     28.55%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1110      3.89%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          817      2.86%     90.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          631      2.21%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          429      1.50%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          427      1.50%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1175      4.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.319833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.487889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7649     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.610138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.379448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.223635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7150     93.42%     93.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           157      2.05%     95.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          100      1.31%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          247      3.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3110989200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4448576700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    43609.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               62359.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      117.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       70.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   117.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    70.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55792                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29928                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    339630.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10522935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1296100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    26995695000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              112689360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              103148640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61487250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56281500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             283132200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273210600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141186240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137032560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2535171600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2535171600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14089279950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13434978375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10929812250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11503761000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28152758850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28043584275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.311469                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.498758                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117175508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117175508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70678573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70678573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    187854081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           187854081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      356                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2382                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38817472000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  44322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   3141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  1054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.381123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.875425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   242.534293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8925     31.75%     31.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6517     23.18%     54.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8026     28.55%     83.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1135      4.04%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          829      2.95%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          595      2.12%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          468      1.66%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          440      1.57%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1174      4.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.325807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.605455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7612     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.627067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.391935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.239720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7091     93.08%     93.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           165      2.17%     95.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          115      1.51%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          247      3.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3111687506                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4444156256                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    43786.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               62536.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      117.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55721                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30097                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    340680.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10543020250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1296100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    26975866250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110459160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              102037320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60270375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55675125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             281463000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272719200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140888160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2535171600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2535171600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13889754585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13282539570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11104834500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11637479250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28122841380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28022512065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.540692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.955866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3307033                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 27.035468                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.573743                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                15.779433                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3245248     98.13%     98.13% |       50405      1.52%     99.66% |       10624      0.32%     99.98% |         746      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3307033                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11955890                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.965645                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.705262                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.238767                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4936643     41.29%     41.29% |     6054045     50.64%     91.93% |      803593      6.72%     98.65% |       89307      0.75%     99.40% |       30251      0.25%     99.65% |       18360      0.15%     99.80% |       13645      0.11%     99.92% |        8181      0.07%     99.98% |        1413      0.01%    100.00% |         452      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11955890                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11955887                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.982464                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.637874                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             58.881630                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11926041     99.75%     99.75% |       22010      0.18%     99.93% |        6606      0.06%     99.99% |        1125      0.01%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11955887                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11333933                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000448                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000387                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021168                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11328855     99.96%     99.96% |        5077      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11333933                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621954                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        175.662681                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       121.781772                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       195.923589                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      592108     95.20%     95.20% |       22010      3.54%     98.74% |        6606      1.06%     99.80% |        1125      0.18%     99.98% |         101      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621954                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          62636                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        62636                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           17                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7910692                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378817                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8289509                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3373595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3494796                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107892                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1415868                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43357                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6147                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15132                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         1602                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5852                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20270                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         1577                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6345                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         1700                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6216                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15232                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         1643                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         1663                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         1507                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21950                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         1737                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23297                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         1841                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52852                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10377                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12509                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9008                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17897                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7911                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7054                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          124                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5894986                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5894986                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5981968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5894986                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2559872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2556914                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5894986                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.075931                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2104054                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2104054                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2135169                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2104054                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1106817                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1099638                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2104054                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027101                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1540996                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1540996                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1571114                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1540996                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       608817                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       601176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1540996                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.019849                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1192317                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1192317                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1219307                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1192317                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       496682                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       494329                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1192317                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.015358                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1710108                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1710108                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1738676                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1710108                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       876961                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       865728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1710108                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.022027                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1703317                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1703317                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1730994                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1703317                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       860224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       854361                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1703317                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021940                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2205094                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2205094                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2245171                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2205094                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       799473                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       794590                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2205094                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028403                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1214470                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1214470                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1241534                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1214470                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       494244                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       492482                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1214470                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015643                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       793320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       793320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       810569                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       793320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       365838                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       357788                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       793320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010218                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1142711                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1142711                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1164870                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1142711                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       574785                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       565179                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1142711                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014719                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       753646                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       753646                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       762403                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       753646                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       313068                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       312818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       753646                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009707                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       661620                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       661620                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       664679                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       661620                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       263407                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       263232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       661620                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008522                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       992784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       992784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity       997113                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity       992784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       476866                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       476668                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       992784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.012788                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       698421                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       698421                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       702072                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       698421                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       284456                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       284185                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       698421                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.008996                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       414715                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       414715                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       416812                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       414715                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       161974                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       161891                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       414715                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005342                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       613756                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       613756                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       617555                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       613756                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       242314                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       242152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       613756                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007906                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1024721                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1024721                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1035915                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1024721                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       369484                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       369209                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1024721                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013199                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       685557                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       685557                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       692009                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       685557                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258786                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258621                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       685557                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008830                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       651305                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       651305                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       658170                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       651305                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259363                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       259129                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       651305                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008389                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403473                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403473                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       405390                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403473                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159225                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159117                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403473                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005197                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       387333                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       387333                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       387986                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       387333                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       190592                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       190569                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       387333                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004989                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       521891                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       521891                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       522677                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       521891                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       261454                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       261383                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       521891                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006722                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       408409                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       408409                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       409386                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       408409                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       188077                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       188037                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       408409                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005261                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262109                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262109                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262109                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262109                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262109                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       331789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       331789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       332330                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       331789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       138686                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       138681                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       331789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004274                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       473238                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       473238                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       474204                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       473238                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       232045                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       231982                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       473238                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006096                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       387726                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       387726                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       388656                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       387726                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       172250                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       172238                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       387726                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.004994                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       261817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       261817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       261817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       261817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       261817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003372                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1426139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1426139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1471261                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1426139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       595711                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       594523                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1426139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018369                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1401836                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1401836                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1430367                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1401836                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       567244                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       566220                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1401836                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018056                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1446767                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1446767                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1484315                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1446767                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       582840                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581807                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1446767                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.018635                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1488433                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1488433                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1525399                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1488433                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       609624                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       608229                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1488433                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019172                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2608462     27.89%     27.89% |     6213969     66.45%     94.34% |      528982      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9351413                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2608462     27.89%     27.89% |     6213969     66.45%     94.34% |      528982      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9351413                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    76269586                       |   146731152                       |    11231811                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    10087958                       |    29190396                       |      529013                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   29.239293                       |   23.613113                       |   21.232879                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.867397                       |    4.697545                       |    1.000059                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.047824                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.256829                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.304653                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001863                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.040452      7.05%      7.05% |    0.039817      6.94%     13.99% |    0.040330      7.03%     21.02% |    0.039743      6.93%     27.94% |    0.094551     16.48%     44.42% |    0.095852     16.70%     61.12% |    0.094483     16.47%     77.59% |    0.095839     16.70%     94.29% |    0.008188      1.43%     95.72% |    0.008194      1.43%     97.15% |    0.008193      1.43%     98.57% |    0.008190      1.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.573832                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014168                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028849                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000774                       |    0.000741                       |    0.000801                       |    0.000780                       |    0.000782                       |    0.000728                       |    0.000802                       |    0.000851                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005541                       |    0.001897                       |    0.001665                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001713                       |    0.001719                       |    0.001643                       |    0.001663                       |    0.001693                       |    0.001767                       |    0.001906                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001773                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001631                       |    0.001658                       |    0.001830                       |    0.001711                       |    0.001716                       |    0.001769                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001918                       |    0.001740                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001758                       |    0.001729                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001912                       |    0.001866                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002162                       |    0.005639                       |    0.005485                       |    0.005488                       |    0.005466                       |    0.000309                       |           0                       |    0.000213                       |    0.001033                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000095                       |    0.000104                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000101                       |    0.000102                       |    0.000110                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001718                       |    0.000313                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002111                       |    0.000846                       |    0.001203                       |    0.001596                       |    0.000102                       |    0.001737                       |    0.004378                       |    0.001203                       |           0                       |    0.001813                       |    0.003864                       |           0                       |    0.003640                       |    0.007356                       |    0.001697                       |    0.001167                       |    0.001570                       |    0.000103                       |    0.003395                       |    0.002807                       |    0.010807                       |    0.001113                       |    0.001712                       |    0.000095                       |    0.007462                       |    0.002865                       |    0.002111                       |           0                       |    0.001706                       |    0.003720                       |           0                       |    0.007307                       |    0.003183                       |    0.002141                       |           0                       |    0.001726                       |           0                       |    0.003676                       |    0.001585                       |    0.001535                       |           0                       |    0.001665                       |           0                       |    0.001758                       |    0.000851                       |           0                       |    0.001797                       |           0                       |    0.001141                       |    0.001918                       |    0.001867                       |    0.001276                       |    0.001588                       |    0.000110                       |    0.001870                       |    0.003728                       |    0.004315                       |    0.001832                       |    0.001204                       |    0.001605                       |    0.000104                       |    0.003045                       |    0.007584                       |    0.005937                       |    0.002548                       |    0.037230                       |    0.004619                       |    0.000213                       |    0.002489                       |    0.012265                       |    0.015737                       |    0.003378                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001765                       |    0.001033                       |    0.002583                       |    0.006530                       |    0.012113                       |    0.003077                       |    0.001175                       |    0.001587                       |    0.000103                       |    0.004165                       |    0.004841                       |    0.006994                       |    0.003075                       |           0                       |    0.001635                       |           0                       |    0.001663                       |    0.003502                       |    0.003439                       |    0.002548                       |           0                       |    0.001630                       |           0                       |    0.000930                       |    0.001729                       |    0.001806                       |           0                       |    0.001647                       |           0                       |    0.000231                       |    0.001740                       |    0.001643                       |           0                       |    0.001736                       |           0                       |    0.001286                       |    0.001654                       |    0.003500                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.001888                       |    0.003722                       |           0                       |    0.001132                       |    0.003639                       |    0.006705                       |    0.001549                       |    0.001177                       |    0.001540                       |    0.000103                       |    0.018055                       |    0.003393                       |    0.002194                       |    0.001942                       |    0.001093                       |    0.001589                       |    0.000101                       |    0.001483                       |    0.007341                       |    0.002459                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.001907                       |    0.003711                       |           0                       |    0.001581                       |    0.007359                       |    0.003010                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.001624                       |           0                       |    0.000756                       |    0.003438                       |    0.001503                       |    0.001675                       |           0                       |    0.001613                       |           0                       |    0.000077                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001619                       |           0                       |    0.001643                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001733                       |           0                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.000591                       |           0                       |    0.003219                       |           0                       |    0.001549                       |           0                       |    0.001666                       |    0.000446                       |    0.004244                       |           0                       |    0.001942                       |           0                       |    0.008450                       |    0.001479                       |    0.001328                       |           0                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.000522                       |    0.005183                       |    0.001547                       |           0                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.002572                       |    0.004213                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001675                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003522                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001619                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001753                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.573832                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4072504                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4072504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2663780                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2107732                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.125603                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          278312                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8730445                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48175                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4989995                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8778620                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5034405                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13720440                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92585                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13813025                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3501711                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3511154                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3501711                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3511154                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 74103175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13406088                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               24106380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4072504                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2386044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              55985293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310875                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3501058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70537270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.622578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62464984     88.56%     88.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1016363      1.44%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           642411      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           736905      1.04%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           603012      0.85%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           676500      0.96%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           608043      0.86%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           352176      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3436876      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70537270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054957                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.325308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8396184                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55719591                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4131680                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1999328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41316273                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9279571                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30340937                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5171771                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19672282                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40290660                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1443160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46541562                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      97657438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     61035600                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36669575                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9871979                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13689901                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4445105                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5195573                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       394773                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       249351                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39267305                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       192501                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41559814                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761523                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54476                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70537270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.589189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54773717     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5743860      8.14%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3021949      4.28%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2681386      3.80%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1905610      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1052387      1.49%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861500      1.22%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300365      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196496      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70537270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92705     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74149      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27377937     65.88%     66.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8867409     21.34%     87.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5063282     12.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41559814                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.560837                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798133                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019204                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    154623637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46728077                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36081360                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       42183793                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       563668                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133170                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431712                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5119988                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4284235                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24797336                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39459806                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4445105                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5195573                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       183638                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          76759                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      41149707                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8723778                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13719485                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2996144                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            4995707                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.555303                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               36147895                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              36081380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20508962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          33161723                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.486907                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.618453                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447298                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       138025                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69371043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.461003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57559772     82.97%     82.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4197411      6.05%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3521165      5.08%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1414377      2.04%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       784528      1.13%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       248313      0.36%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355252      0.51%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335620      0.48%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       954605      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69371043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     18161171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       31980241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                8075793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3311932                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2662931                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31695978                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       204631                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23748154     74.26%     74.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3311932     10.36%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4763861     14.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     31980241                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        954605                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            107781808                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            80025478                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3565905                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            18161171                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              31980241                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.080308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.080308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.245080                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.245080                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         63294517                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27852282                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15353789                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13109408                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20282732                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                497399500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            497399500.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-3.35544e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1604129                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.336841                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.463229                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       20.075421                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1544855     96.30%     96.30% |       47918      2.99%     99.29% |       10600      0.66%     99.95% |         746      0.05%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1604129                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1673944                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.930442                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.815207                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.735702                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1212719     72.45%     72.45% |      458714     27.40%     99.85% |        2276      0.14%     99.99% |         211      0.01%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1673944                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         28960                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.234254                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.066591                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.875637                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         454      1.57%      1.57% |        5366     18.53%     20.10% |       13446     46.43%     66.53% |        6407     22.12%     88.65% |        3235     11.17%     99.82% |          45      0.16%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           28960                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3537105                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.438241                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.994850                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          92.966032                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3511797     99.28%     99.28% |       17872      0.51%     99.79% |        6272      0.18%     99.97% |        1066      0.03%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3537105                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3270409                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000930                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000803                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030484                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3267367     99.91%     99.91% |        3042      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3270409                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266696                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     221.003810                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    133.443895                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    265.863740                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      241388     90.51%     90.51% |       17872      6.70%     97.21% |        6272      2.35%     99.56% |        1066      0.40%     99.96% |          94      0.04%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266696                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4786308                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           11.060218                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.598627                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          44.082263                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4763758     99.53%     99.53% |       18231      0.38%     99.91% |        3200      0.07%     99.98% |         720      0.02%     99.99% |         238      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4786308                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4561971                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000427                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000368                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020665                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4560025     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4561971                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224337                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     174.958874                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    145.165006                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    115.222013                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      201787     89.95%     89.95% |       18231      8.13%     98.07% |        3200      1.43%     99.50% |         720      0.32%     99.82% |         238      0.11%     99.93% |          96      0.04%     99.97% |          46      0.02%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224337                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3494794                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.801583                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.353508                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.958683                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3492707     99.94%     99.94% |        1886      0.05%     99.99% |         185      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3494794                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3373595                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3373591    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3373595                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121199                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.784091                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.491973                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.772545                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      119112     98.28%     98.28% |        1886      1.56%     99.83% |         185      0.15%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121199                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8954                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       209280                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access         7574                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18661                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    17688                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    19145                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    18731                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    17426                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    19130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    20187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   2675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2640                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2863                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2773                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2566                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   2878                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   3165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     3455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     3353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     3559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     3770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                21336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                20328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                22008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                21504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                21504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                19992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                22008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                23352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  156041                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  140441                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139846472537992                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            139846472525808                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  157655                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  139557                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  179767                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31008521                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   18288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   17424                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   18864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   18432                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   18432                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   17136                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   18864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20016                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   3048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2904                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   3144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   3072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   3072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   2856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   3336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                16023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                15166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                16433                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                16014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                16069                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                14960                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                16408                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                17304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2265                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2258                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2431                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2418                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2363                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2176                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2456                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2712                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2638                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2522                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2712                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2652                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2662                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2722                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2883                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               410                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               382                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               432                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               420                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               410                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               390                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               422                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               453                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      127                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      121                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      131                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      119                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      131                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 879449                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 883208                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 879517                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 877238                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 879936                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 885065                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 878114                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 878712                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    6096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    5808                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    6288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    6144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    6144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    5712                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    6288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    6672                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                806377                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                816597                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                802949                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                808963                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                809994                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                821983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                802934                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                801913                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             132080                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             125840                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             136240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             133120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             133120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             123760                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             136240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             144560                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               565389                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               518351                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               563293                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               551108                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               557248                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               522511                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               570523                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               575355                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           806377                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           816597                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           802949                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           808963                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           809994                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           821983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           802934                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           801913                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        132080                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        125840                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        136240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        133120                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        133120                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        123760                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        136240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        144560                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          526591                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          489661                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          526334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          521705                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          520277                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          491680                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          530213                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          537620                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             868768                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             872347                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             870441                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             867002                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             870844                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             875387                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             868151                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             869805                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              2929                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              4037                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              3926                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              4603                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              6035                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             20348                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              6180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles             26998                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739448                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739618                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739839                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           420624                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           378934                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           356329                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           396804                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           381354                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           408720                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           268354                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           237033                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1078                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1008                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1099                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               964                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1004                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5829                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              5795                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              5757                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5816                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5707                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5755                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6101                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73261     25.53%     25.53% |       71317     24.85%     50.38% |       71354     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287003                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26134     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104045                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26134     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104045                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286978                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3391419     95.83%     95.83% |          10      0.00%     95.83% |       18300      0.52%     96.35% |       17436      0.49%     96.84% |       18874      0.53%     97.38% |       18432      0.52%     97.90% |       18442      0.52%     98.42% |       17136      0.48%     98.90% |       18864      0.53%     99.43% |       20016      0.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3538929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3494856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3494856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4902797     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |        2991      0.06%     99.57% |        2846      0.06%     99.63% |        3087      0.06%     99.69% |        3016      0.06%     99.75% |        3014      0.06%     99.81% |        2797      0.06%     99.87% |        3086      0.06%     99.93% |        3281      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4926915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13039     59.68%     59.68% |          10      0.05%     59.72% |        1075      4.92%     64.64% |        1079      4.94%     69.58% |        1103      5.05%     74.63% |        1074      4.92%     79.55% |        1104      5.05%     84.60% |        1067      4.88%     89.48% |        1143      5.23%     94.71% |        1155      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499125     80.88%     80.88% |           0      0.00%     80.88% |       14656      2.38%     83.26% |       13943      2.26%     85.52% |       15125      2.45%     87.97% |       14720      2.39%     90.35% |       14767      2.39%     92.75% |       13651      2.21%     94.96% |       15077      2.44%     97.40% |       16029      2.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       617093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         125     12.28%     12.28% |         123     12.08%     24.36% |         131     12.87%     37.23% |         125     12.28%     49.51% |         128     12.57%     62.08% |         118     11.59%     73.67% |         130     12.77%     86.44% |         138     13.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         746     12.24%     12.33% |         726     11.92%     24.24% |         786     12.90%     37.14% |         742     12.18%     49.32% |         763     12.52%     61.84% |         704     11.55%     73.40% |         788     12.93%     86.33% |         833     13.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161485     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       12206      4.70%     66.84% |       11649      4.48%     71.32% |       12596      4.85%     76.17% |       12271      4.72%     80.89% |       12308      4.74%     85.63% |       11428      4.40%     90.03% |       12578      4.84%     94.87% |       13344      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         757     12.42%     12.51% |         706     11.59%     24.09% |         778     12.77%     36.86% |         773     12.69%     49.55% |         762     12.51%     62.05% |         704     11.55%     73.61% |         780     12.80%     86.41% |         828     13.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338513     95.10%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |        2169      0.61%     95.70% |        2063      0.58%     96.28% |        2232      0.63%     96.91% |        2188      0.61%     97.53% |        2179      0.61%     98.14% |        2029      0.57%     98.71% |        2231      0.63%     99.33% |        2369      0.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377364     78.27%     78.27% |           0      0.00%     78.27% |       13011      2.70%     80.97% |       12359      2.56%     83.53% |       13422      2.78%     86.31% |       13098      2.72%     89.03% |       13113      2.72%     91.75% |       12140      2.52%     94.27% |       13389      2.78%     97.04% |       14255      2.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       482151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      162003     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.79% |       12973      4.87%     65.65% |       12361      4.64%     70.29% |       13379      5.02%     75.31% |       13056      4.90%     80.21% |       13073      4.90%     85.11% |       12138      4.55%     89.67% |       13362      5.01%     94.68% |       14178      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2159      0.92%     93.48% |        2057      0.88%     94.36% |        2227      0.95%     95.31% |        2176      0.93%     96.24% |        2176      0.93%     97.17% |        2023      0.86%     98.04% |        2227      0.95%     98.99% |        2363      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.64%     55.64% |           0      0.00%     55.64% |        1075      5.44%     61.08% |        1064      5.38%     66.46% |        1103      5.58%     72.04% |        1074      5.43%     77.47% |        1104      5.58%     83.06% |        1067      5.40%     88.45% |        1128      5.71%     94.16% |        1155      5.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         163    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         383     27.34%     27.34% |           0      0.00%     27.34% |         122      8.71%     36.05% |         134      9.56%     45.61% |         127      9.06%     54.68% |         121      8.64%     63.31% |         122      8.71%     72.02% |         115      8.21%     80.23% |         142     10.14%     90.36% |         135      9.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3373595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3373595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.63%     99.63% |           5      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     90.92%     90.92% |           0      0.00%     90.92% |        1487      1.12%     92.04% |        1413      1.07%     93.11% |        1545      1.17%     94.28% |        1501      1.13%     95.41% |        1502      1.13%     96.54% |        1394      1.05%     97.60% |        1546      1.17%     98.76% |        1639      1.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1693110     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |        5315      0.31%     97.83% |        5063      0.29%     98.12% |        5485      0.32%     98.44% |        5376      0.31%     98.75% |        5359      0.31%     99.06% |        4998      0.29%     99.35% |        5502      0.32%     99.66% |        5838      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1736046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26143    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         476     93.15%     93.15% |           5      0.98%     94.13% |           0      0.00%     94.13% |          15      2.94%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |          15      2.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134782     60.20%     60.20% |           0      0.00%     60.20% |       11085      4.95%     65.15% |       10518      4.70%     69.84% |       11435      5.11%     74.95% |       11124      4.97%     79.92% |       11171      4.99%     84.91% |       10298      4.60%     89.51% |       11385      5.08%     94.59% |       12107      5.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       223905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         746     12.26%     12.26% |         726     11.93%     24.19% |         786     12.91%     37.10% |         742     12.19%     49.29% |         762     12.52%     61.81% |         704     11.57%     73.38% |         788     12.95%     86.33% |         832     13.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1523802    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1523802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4657076     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         832      0.02%     99.87% |         789      0.02%     99.89% |         860      0.02%     99.91% |         840      0.02%     99.93% |         838      0.02%     99.95% |         774      0.02%     99.96% |         859      0.02%     99.98% |         918      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4663786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     93.93%     93.93% |           0      0.00%     93.93% |        1926      0.75%     94.68% |        1841      0.71%     95.39% |        1987      0.77%     96.16% |        1974      0.76%     96.93% |        1942      0.75%     97.68% |        1842      0.71%     98.39% |        2004      0.78%     99.17% |        2148      0.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         125     12.29%     12.29% |         123     12.09%     24.39% |         131     12.88%     37.27% |         125     12.29%     49.56% |         127     12.49%     62.05% |         118     11.60%     73.65% |         130     12.78%     86.43% |         138     13.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     87.01%     87.01% |           0      0.00%     87.01% |          36      3.44%     90.45% |          37      3.53%     93.98% |          31      2.96%     96.94% |           0      0.00%     96.94% |          30      2.87%     99.81% |           2      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161485     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       12206      4.70%     66.84% |       11649      4.48%     71.32% |       12596      4.85%     76.17% |       12271      4.72%     80.89% |       12308      4.74%     85.63% |       11428      4.40%     90.03% |       12578      4.84%     94.87% |       13344      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         757     12.42%     12.51% |         706     11.59%     24.09% |         778     12.77%     36.86% |         773     12.69%     49.55% |         762     12.51%     62.05% |         704     11.55%     73.61% |         780     12.80%     86.41% |         828     13.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121880     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |          10      0.01%     99.97% |           6      0.00%     99.97% |           5      0.00%     99.97% |          12      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216633     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2159      0.92%     93.48% |        2057      0.88%     94.36% |        2227      0.95%     95.31% |        2176      0.93%     96.24% |        2176      0.93%     97.17% |        2023      0.86%     98.04% |        2227      0.95%     98.99% |        2363      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.59%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |          12      0.66%     98.25% |          12      0.66%     98.90% |          10      0.55%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |          10      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377364     78.27%     78.27% |           0      0.00%     78.27% |       13011      2.70%     80.97% |       12359      2.56%     83.53% |       13422      2.78%     86.31% |       13098      2.72%     89.03% |       13111      2.72%     91.75% |       12140      2.52%     94.27% |       13389      2.78%     97.04% |       14254      2.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       482148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.92% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3696      3.05%     20.94% |        3240      2.67%     23.62% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.14% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.97% |        3273      2.70%     61.67% |        2996      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3904      3.22%     88.13% |        5094      4.20%     92.33% |        4948      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47059     17.64%     17.64% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6459      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.74% |        6718      2.52%     28.26% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6109      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6550      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8657      3.25%     43.51% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7706      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.23% |        5929      2.22%     54.46% |        6309      2.37%     56.82% |       10305      3.86%     60.69% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6863      2.57%     65.72% |        6962      2.61%     68.33% |        7220      2.71%     71.03% |        7630      2.86%     73.89% |        6632      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6568      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6314      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7134      2.67%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7236      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16455      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.50% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6750      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8267      3.53%     67.66% |        7093      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.85% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234048                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56769     11.77%     11.77% |       15388      3.19%     14.97% |       12596      2.61%     17.58% |       14650      3.04%     20.62% |       13178      2.73%     23.35% |       12563      2.61%     25.96% |       12091      2.51%     28.46% |       12752      2.64%     31.11% |       12949      2.69%     33.79% |       12610      2.62%     36.41% |       15360      3.19%     39.59% |       15614      3.24%     42.83% |       13985      2.90%     45.73% |       13068      2.71%     48.44% |       11853      2.46%     50.90% |       12309      2.55%     53.46% |       10376      2.15%     55.61% |       12654      2.62%     58.23% |       13087      2.71%     60.95% |       14074      2.92%     63.86% |       14748      3.06%     66.92% |       15723      3.26%     70.18% |       13567      2.81%     73.00% |       13603      2.82%     75.82% |       13685      2.84%     78.66% |       13247      2.75%     81.41% |       13098      2.72%     84.12% |       12808      2.66%     86.78% |       15411      3.20%     89.97% |       13834      2.87%     92.84% |       16207      3.36%     96.21% |       18296      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       482153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.26%      4.26% |        4608      3.09%      7.35% |        4629      3.10%     10.45% |        4611      3.09%     13.54% |        4596      3.08%     16.61% |        4608      3.09%     19.70% |        4611      3.09%     22.79% |        4598      3.08%     25.87% |        4613      3.09%     28.95% |        4619      3.09%     32.05% |        4619      3.09%     35.14% |        4612      3.09%     38.23% |        4596      3.08%     41.31% |        4607      3.08%     44.39% |        4600      3.08%     47.47% |        4601      3.08%     50.55% |        4634      3.10%     53.65% |        4614      3.09%     56.74% |        4630      3.10%     59.84% |        4620      3.09%     62.94% |        4612      3.09%     66.03% |        4632      3.10%     69.13% |        4616      3.09%     72.22% |        4613      3.09%     75.31% |        4627      3.10%     78.40% |        4625      3.10%     81.50% |        4619      3.09%     84.59% |        4609      3.09%     87.68% |        4612      3.09%     90.77% |        4596      3.08%     93.85% |        4598      3.08%     96.92% |        4593      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149346                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.23%      3.23% |        3272      3.14%      6.37% |        3301      3.17%      9.54% |        3267      3.14%     12.68% |        3273      3.14%     15.82% |        3238      3.11%     18.93% |        3246      3.12%     22.05% |        3246      3.12%     25.16% |        3250      3.12%     28.28% |        3285      3.15%     31.44% |        3297      3.17%     34.60% |        3262      3.13%     37.73% |        3277      3.15%     40.88% |        3272      3.14%     44.02% |        3274      3.14%     47.16% |        3245      3.12%     50.28% |        3256      3.13%     53.41% |        3245      3.12%     56.52% |        3245      3.12%     59.64% |        3213      3.08%     62.72% |        3233      3.10%     65.83% |        3217      3.09%     68.91% |        3234      3.10%     72.02% |        3209      3.08%     75.10% |        3255      3.13%     78.23% |        3285      3.15%     81.38% |        3271      3.14%     84.52% |        3213      3.08%     87.60% |        3251      3.12%     90.73% |        3240      3.11%     93.84% |        3213      3.08%     96.92% |        3207      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104157                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.20% |        8918      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8889      3.10%     65.91% |        8893      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8907      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286978                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7865      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52     25.49%     25.49% |           3      1.47%     26.96% |           6      2.94%     29.90% |           5      2.45%     32.35% |           4      1.96%     34.31% |           4      1.96%     36.27% |           3      1.47%     37.75% |           7      3.43%     41.18% |           5      2.45%     43.63% |           6      2.94%     46.57% |           5      2.45%     49.02% |           4      1.96%     50.98% |           6      2.94%     53.92% |           4      1.96%     55.88% |           5      2.45%     58.33% |           2      0.98%     59.31% |           3      1.47%     60.78% |           4      1.96%     62.75% |           8      3.92%     66.67% |           5      2.45%     69.12% |           3      1.47%     70.59% |           7      3.43%     74.02% |           9      4.41%     78.43% |           4      1.96%     80.39% |           5      2.45%     82.84% |           4      1.96%     84.80% |           6      2.94%     87.75% |           6      2.94%     90.69% |           6      2.94%     93.63% |           4      1.96%     95.59% |           6      2.94%     98.53% |           3      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3043     49.98%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |        3045     50.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6088                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2191     49.91%     49.91% |           1      0.02%     49.93% |           1      0.02%     49.95% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           1      0.02%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      0.02%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |        2194     49.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4390                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2607     15.10%     15.10% |         375      2.17%     17.28% |         388      2.25%     19.52% |         387      2.24%     21.77% |         394      2.28%     24.05% |         384      2.22%     26.27% |         397      2.30%     28.57% |         397      2.30%     30.87% |         384      2.22%     33.10% |         394      2.28%     35.38% |         424      2.46%     37.84% |         420      2.43%     40.27% |         424      2.46%     42.73% |         423      2.45%     45.18% |         427      2.47%     47.65% |         426      2.47%     50.12% |        2625     15.21%     65.33% |         408      2.36%     67.69% |         403      2.33%     70.03% |         385      2.23%     72.26% |         383      2.22%     74.48% |         391      2.27%     76.74% |         387      2.24%     78.99% |         387      2.24%     81.23% |         415      2.40%     83.63% |         426      2.47%     86.10% |         430      2.49%     88.59% |         395      2.29%     90.88% |         396      2.29%     93.17% |         396      2.29%     95.47% |         393      2.28%     97.75% |         389      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3043     49.94%     49.94% |           1      0.02%     49.96% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           1      0.02%     49.99% |           0      0.00%     49.99% |           0      0.00%     49.99% |           1      0.02%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           1      0.02%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |        3045     49.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60415     12.23%     12.23% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12750      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13333      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15511      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14131      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12002      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13962      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13238      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14901      3.02%     67.37% |       15881      3.22%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13837      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13251      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493929                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.16% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.37% |         373      3.02%     27.39% |         383      3.10%     30.49% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.34%     40.39% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.61% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      3.00%     62.91% |         363      2.94%     65.85% |         370      3.00%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.28% |         412      3.34%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12353                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.28% |        3800      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2590     15.48%     15.48% |         358      2.14%     17.62% |         373      2.23%     19.85% |         372      2.22%     22.08% |         379      2.27%     24.34% |         368      2.20%     26.54% |         379      2.27%     28.81% |         385      2.30%     31.11% |         370      2.21%     33.32% |         381      2.28%     35.60% |         408      2.44%     38.04% |         406      2.43%     40.47% |         412      2.46%     42.93% |         408      2.44%     45.37% |         410      2.45%     47.82% |         403      2.41%     50.23% |        2605     15.57%     65.80% |         389      2.33%     68.13% |         387      2.31%     70.44% |         367      2.19%     72.64% |         362      2.16%     74.80% |         370      2.21%     77.01% |         371      2.22%     79.23% |         367      2.19%     81.43% |         396      2.37%     83.79% |         407      2.43%     86.23% |         413      2.47%     88.69% |         377      2.25%     90.95% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16727                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38227     28.14%     28.14% |        3910      2.88%     31.01% |        2559      1.88%     32.90% |        3477      2.56%     35.46% |        2872      2.11%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.29% |        2274      1.67%     40.96% |        2453      1.81%     42.77% |        2723      2.00%     44.77% |        2732      2.01%     46.78% |        4787      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.23% |        3898      2.87%     57.10% |        2597      1.91%     59.01% |        2099      1.54%     60.55% |        2513      1.85%     62.40% |        3428      2.52%     64.92% |        2743      2.02%     66.94% |        2988      2.20%     69.14% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3402      2.50%     73.96% |        3816      2.81%     76.77% |        2804      2.06%     78.83% |        2818      2.07%     80.91% |        2752      2.03%     82.93% |        2662      1.96%     84.89% |        2506      1.84%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.36% |        3309      2.44%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3466      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135869                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11240     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.71%     17.36% |        1589      1.93%     19.28% |        2771      3.36%     22.65% |        1926      2.34%     24.99% |        1853      2.25%     27.23% |        1444      1.75%     28.99% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.35% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.97% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1520      1.84%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.23% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.96% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.11% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.56% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82397                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.26%      4.26% |        4599      3.08%      7.34% |        4620      3.10%     10.44% |        4603      3.08%     13.52% |        4589      3.08%     16.60% |        4600      3.08%     19.68% |        4605      3.09%     22.77% |        4596      3.08%     25.85% |        4612      3.09%     28.94% |        4618      3.09%     32.03% |        4615      3.09%     35.12% |        4611      3.09%     38.21% |        4595      3.08%     41.29% |        4605      3.09%     44.38% |        4599      3.08%     47.46% |        4600      3.08%     50.54% |        4632      3.10%     53.65% |        4614      3.09%     56.74% |        4627      3.10%     59.84% |        4619      3.10%     62.94% |        4611      3.09%     66.03% |        4626      3.10%     69.13% |        4614      3.09%     72.22% |        4611      3.09%     75.31% |        4624      3.10%     78.41% |        4624      3.10%     81.51% |        4617      3.09%     84.60% |        4606      3.09%     87.69% |        4609      3.09%     90.78% |        4589      3.08%     93.85% |        4590      3.08%     96.93% |        4585      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         769      0.89%      0.89% |        2904      3.34%      4.23% |        2917      3.36%      7.59% |        2884      3.32%     10.91% |        2882      3.32%     14.22% |        2858      3.29%     17.51% |        2853      3.28%     20.80% |        2844      3.27%     24.07% |        2862      3.29%     27.36% |        2887      3.32%     30.69% |        2872      3.31%     33.99% |        2839      3.27%     37.26% |        2848      3.28%     40.54% |        2847      3.28%     43.82% |        2843      3.27%     47.09% |        2818      3.24%     50.33% |         630      0.73%     51.06% |        2833      3.26%     54.32% |        2837      3.27%     57.59% |        2824      3.25%     60.84% |        2848      3.28%     64.11% |        2825      3.25%     67.37% |        2840      3.27%     70.64% |        2820      3.25%     73.88% |        2838      3.27%     77.15% |        2856      3.29%     80.44% |        2837      3.27%     83.70% |        2815      3.24%     86.94% |        2852      3.28%     90.22% |        2847      3.28%     93.50% |        2822      3.25%     96.75% |        2823      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3043     49.94%     49.94% |           1      0.02%     49.96% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           1      0.02%     49.99% |           0      0.00%     49.99% |           0      0.00%     49.99% |           1      0.02%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           1      0.02%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |        3045     49.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         507     49.80%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |         511     50.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1018                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56767     11.77%     11.77% |       15388      3.19%     14.97% |       12596      2.61%     17.58% |       14650      3.04%     20.62% |       13178      2.73%     23.35% |       12563      2.61%     25.96% |       12091      2.51%     28.46% |       12752      2.64%     31.11% |       12949      2.69%     33.79% |       12610      2.62%     36.41% |       15360      3.19%     39.59% |       15614      3.24%     42.83% |       13985      2.90%     45.73% |       13068      2.71%     48.44% |       11853      2.46%     50.90% |       12309      2.55%     53.46% |       10373      2.15%     55.61% |       12654      2.62%     58.23% |       13087      2.71%     60.95% |       14074      2.92%     63.86% |       14748      3.06%     66.92% |       15723      3.26%     70.18% |       13567      2.81%     73.00% |       13603      2.82%     75.82% |       13685      2.84%     78.66% |       13247      2.75%     81.41% |       13098      2.72%     84.12% |       12808      2.66%     86.78% |       15411      3.20%     89.97% |       13834      2.87%     92.84% |       16207      3.36%     96.21% |       18296      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       482148                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      1.08%      1.08% |          10      1.80%      2.88% |          11      1.98%      4.86% |          11      1.98%      6.83% |          12      2.16%      8.99% |          12      2.16%     11.15% |          14      2.52%     13.67% |          17      3.06%     16.73% |          18      3.24%     19.96% |          17      3.06%     23.02% |          17      3.06%     26.08% |          17      3.06%     29.14% |          17      3.06%     32.19% |          17      3.06%     35.25% |          21      3.78%     39.03% |          24      4.32%     43.35% |          21      3.78%     47.12% |          23      4.14%     51.26% |          21      3.78%     55.04% |          22      3.96%     58.99% |          23      4.14%     63.13% |          22      3.96%     67.09% |          23      4.14%     71.22% |          22      3.96%     75.18% |          21      3.78%     78.96% |          22      3.96%     82.91% |          21      3.78%     86.69% |          21      3.78%     90.47% |          20      3.60%     94.06% |          14      2.52%     96.58% |           9      1.62%     98.20% |          10      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          556                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           2     22.22%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7865      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.89%      0.89% |           1      0.89%      1.79% |           4      3.57%      5.36% |           4      3.57%      8.93% |           4      3.57%     12.50% |           2      1.79%     14.29% |           2      1.79%     16.07% |           6      5.36%     21.43% |           5      4.46%     25.89% |           5      4.46%     30.36% |           3      2.68%     33.04% |           3      2.68%     35.71% |           5      4.46%     40.18% |           2      1.79%     41.96% |           5      4.46%     46.43% |           2      1.79%     48.21% |           2      1.79%     50.00% |           4      3.57%     53.57% |           6      5.36%     58.93% |           4      3.57%     62.50% |           3      2.68%     65.18% |           4      3.57%     68.75% |           7      6.25%     75.00% |           3      2.68%     77.68% |           3      2.68%     80.36% |           3      2.68%     83.04% |           4      3.57%     86.61% |           4      3.57%     90.18% |           3      2.68%     92.86% |           2      1.79%     94.64% |           4      3.57%     98.21% |           2      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          112                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      1.13%      1.13% |           9      2.03%      3.15% |           7      1.58%      4.73% |           7      1.58%      6.31% |           8      1.80%      8.11% |          10      2.25%     10.36% |          12      2.70%     13.06% |          11      2.48%     15.54% |          13      2.93%     18.47% |          12      2.70%     21.17% |          14      3.15%     24.32% |          14      3.15%     27.48% |          12      2.70%     30.18% |          15      3.38%     33.56% |          16      3.60%     37.16% |          22      4.95%     42.12% |          19      4.28%     46.40% |          19      4.28%     50.68% |          15      3.38%     54.05% |          18      4.05%     58.11% |          20      4.50%     62.61% |          18      4.05%     66.67% |          16      3.60%     70.27% |          19      4.28%     74.55% |          18      4.05%     78.60% |          19      4.28%     82.88% |          17      3.83%     86.71% |          17      3.83%     90.54% |          17      3.83%     94.37% |          12      2.70%     97.07% |           5      1.13%     98.20% |           8      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          444                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2191     49.97%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |        2194     50.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4385                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2590     15.48%     15.48% |         358      2.14%     17.62% |         373      2.23%     19.85% |         372      2.22%     22.08% |         379      2.27%     24.34% |         368      2.20%     26.54% |         379      2.27%     28.81% |         385      2.30%     31.11% |         370      2.21%     33.32% |         381      2.28%     35.60% |         408      2.44%     38.04% |         406      2.43%     40.47% |         412      2.46%     42.93% |         408      2.44%     45.37% |         410      2.45%     47.82% |         403      2.41%     50.23% |        2605     15.57%     65.80% |         389      2.33%     68.13% |         387      2.31%     70.44% |         367      2.19%     72.64% |         362      2.16%     74.80% |         370      2.21%     77.01% |         371      2.22%     79.23% |         367      2.19%     81.43% |         396      2.37%     83.79% |         407      2.43%     86.23% |         413      2.47%     88.69% |         377      2.25%     90.95% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16727                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           7     26.92%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |          19     73.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5733      4.62%      4.62% |        3870      3.12%      7.74% |        3893      3.14%     10.88% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.66% |        3805      3.07%     41.73% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.93% |        3786      3.05%     53.98% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.12% |        3801      3.07%     63.19% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3800      3.06%     69.33% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.47% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.10%     81.64% |        3806      3.07%     84.71% |        3784      3.05%     87.76% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124001                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         405      3.27%      3.27% |         358      2.89%      6.16% |         375      3.03%      9.19% |         371      3.00%     12.19% |         378      3.05%     15.25% |         365      2.95%     18.20% |         379      3.06%     21.26% |         386      3.12%     24.38% |         373      3.01%     27.39% |         383      3.09%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.77% |         404      3.26%     37.04% |         412      3.33%     40.37% |         407      3.29%     43.65% |         408      3.30%     46.95% |         405      3.27%     50.22% |         432      3.49%     53.71% |         390      3.15%     56.86% |         388      3.13%     60.00% |         370      2.99%     62.99% |         363      2.93%     65.92% |         370      2.99%     68.91% |         369      2.98%     71.89% |         367      2.97%     74.86% |         395      3.19%     78.05% |         406      3.28%     81.33% |         412      3.33%     84.66% |         379      3.06%     87.72% |         382      3.09%     90.81% |         382      3.09%     93.89% |         384      3.10%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12377                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60412     12.23%     12.23% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12747      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.96% |       13333      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15511      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14128      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       11998      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13961      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13227      2.68%     61.47% |       14224      2.88%     64.35% |       14901      3.02%     67.37% |       15880      3.22%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.36% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13250      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15562      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.26% |       18447      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2963     50.95%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |           0      0.00%     50.95% |        2852     49.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5815                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          80     29.30%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |         193     70.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          273                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          80     29.30%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |           0      0.00%     29.30% |         193     70.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          273                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2963     50.91%     50.91% |           1      0.02%     50.93% |           1      0.02%     50.95% |           1      0.02%     50.96% |           0      0.00%     50.96% |           0      0.00%     50.96% |           1      0.02%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           1      0.02%     51.00% |           0      0.00%     51.00% |           0      0.00%     51.00% |           0      0.00%     51.00% |           0      0.00%     51.00% |           0      0.00%     51.00% |           0      0.00%     51.00% |        2852     49.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5820                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       16529     10.31%     10.31% |       80189     50.00%     60.31% |        7979      4.98%     65.28% |        7385      4.60%     69.89% |        8046      5.02%     74.90% |        8022      5.00%     79.90% |        7978      4.97%     84.88% |        7805      4.87%     89.75% |        7927      4.94%     94.69% |        8518      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       160378                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       16529     10.31%     10.31% |       80189     50.00%     60.31% |        7979      4.98%     65.28% |        7385      4.60%     69.89% |        8046      5.02%     74.90% |        8022      5.00%     79.90% |        7978      4.97%     84.88% |        7805      4.87%     89.75% |        7927      4.94%     94.69% |        8518      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       160378                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       16529     10.31%     10.31% |       80189     50.00%     60.31% |        7979      4.98%     65.28% |        7385      4.60%     69.89% |        8046      5.02%     74.90% |        8022      5.00%     79.90% |        7978      4.97%     84.88% |        7805      4.87%     89.75% |        7927      4.94%     94.69% |        8518      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       160378                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       16529     10.31%     10.31% |       80189     50.00%     60.31% |        7979      4.98%     65.28% |        7385      4.60%     69.89% |        8046      5.02%     74.90% |        8022      5.00%     79.90% |        7978      4.97%     84.88% |        7805      4.87%     89.75% |        7927      4.94%     94.69% |        8518      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       160378                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
