
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059746                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59746389000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235914467500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  95178                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   169335                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              143130115                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4818660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   417.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39729843                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70684837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234895803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234895803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67077125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67077125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    301972928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           301972928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219284                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62619                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219284                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62619                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      725                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      467                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59745897000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219284                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62619                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        86040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.666202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   135.130603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   238.516120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42036     48.86%     48.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17869     20.77%     69.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14800     17.20%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2698      3.14%     89.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1809      2.10%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1237      1.44%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1129      1.31%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          845      0.98%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3617      4.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        86040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.866683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.771259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11867     97.00%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          178      1.45%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           89      0.73%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           53      0.43%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           24      0.20%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.118440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.079427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.910235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12115     99.03%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            37      0.30%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.15%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           64      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3045947211                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7157053461                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13892.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32642.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      234.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   234.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  157346                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38487                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211937.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10793653000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1994980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46955537000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              329124600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              321322680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              179581875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              175324875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862477200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847657200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205701120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200070000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25616374560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24923552670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13375989750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13983728250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44471429985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44353836555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.364517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.396233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13851200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13851200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231833258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231833258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64283450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64283450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    296116708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           296116708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216425                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13851200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      508                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      342                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59745638500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216425                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 158391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  43024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        81428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.239868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.191382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   244.926813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38459     47.23%     47.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17117     21.02%     68.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14454     17.75%     86.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2557      3.14%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1875      2.30%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1281      1.57%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1122      1.38%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          903      1.11%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3660      4.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        81428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.295573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    74.585556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11351     96.83%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          184      1.57%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           95      0.81%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           50      0.43%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           24      0.20%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            6      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.118826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.082437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.867894                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11611     99.04%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            42      0.36%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           19      0.16%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           51      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2855324770                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6912806020                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1081995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13194.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31944.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  156121                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38853                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    216128.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11225520750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1994980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46523852250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              312371640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              303224040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              170440875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              165449625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851588400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836245800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197555760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25302999105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24347003085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13650880500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14489473500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44388017160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44234873010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.968349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.405017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231840756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231840756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64303803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64303803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    296144559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           296144559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216432                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216432                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13850816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      505                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      287                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59745684500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216432                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 158562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        81514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.042864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   138.891116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.069074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38745     47.53%     47.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16768     20.57%     68.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14551     17.85%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2618      3.21%     89.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1842      2.26%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1280      1.57%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1139      1.40%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          875      1.07%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3696      4.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        81514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.389003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.703218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11360     96.85%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          176      1.50%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383          102      0.87%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           44      0.38%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           24      0.20%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.117477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.081195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.865994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11610     98.98%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            51      0.43%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           15      0.13%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           54      0.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2906884110                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6964740360                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13431.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32181.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  156081                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38845                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    216108.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11129795000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1994980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46619576000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              313135200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              303103080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              170857500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              165383625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851674200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836316000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197601120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25281151290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24500564505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13670045250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14354770500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44386645440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44253698910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.945390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.720125                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13836864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13836864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231593310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231593310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64245958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64245958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    295839268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           295839268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216202                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13836928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      547                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      275                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59745643500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216202                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 157828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  11173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        81180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.711160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.352151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.594270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38390     47.29%     47.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16745     20.63%     67.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14643     18.04%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2567      3.16%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1856      2.29%     91.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1266      1.56%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1109      1.37%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          867      1.07%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3737      4.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        81180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.296217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    74.301810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11351     96.93%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          166      1.42%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           93      0.79%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           52      0.44%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           25      0.21%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           13      0.11%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.120997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.082507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.898597                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11596     99.02%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            39      0.33%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.15%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           58      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2954347652                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             7007910152                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13665.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32415.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  156097                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38882                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216330.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11013365250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1994980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46735824750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              310829400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              302891400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              169599375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              165268125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850285800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835926000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197238240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25205493195                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24301463220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13736412000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14529420750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44372038890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44228530695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.700905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.298859                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472902                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.450204                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.082138                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                10.986249                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7455785     99.77%     99.77% |       15074      0.20%     99.97% |        1529      0.02%     99.99% |         464      0.01%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472902                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20868205                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.638413                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450275                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.975829                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    20004346     95.86%     95.86% |      852061      4.08%     99.94% |        5636      0.03%     99.97% |        1553      0.01%     99.98% |         765      0.00%     99.98% |        1030      0.00%     99.99% |         523      0.00%     99.99% |         572      0.00%     99.99% |        1719      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20868205                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20868202                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.539557                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.779077                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             51.552988                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20850699     99.92%     99.92% |       15106      0.07%     99.99% |        1126      0.01%     99.99% |         603      0.00%    100.00% |         387      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20868202                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19642972                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000241                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000208                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015521                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19638242     99.98%     99.98% |        4729      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19642972                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225230                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        182.506598                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.880162                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       122.211534                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1207727     98.57%     98.57% |       15106      1.23%     99.80% |        1126      0.09%     99.90% |         603      0.05%     99.95% |         387      0.03%     99.98% |         166      0.01%     99.99% |          88      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225230                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         815060                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       815060                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14097688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441220                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14538908                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4746786                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4871075                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111468                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22639                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52990                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1884697                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45277                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101781                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96721                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3070                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99588                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80416                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           53                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80401                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           76                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99338                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80410                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           55                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99850                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80410                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180260                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           61                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits       100101                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           59                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           74                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99458                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           86                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52956                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83714                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35792                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36823                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8950                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27114                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37209                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12967                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9628                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36326                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          141                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9342734                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9342734                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9417760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9342734                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4619470                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4617770                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9342734                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078187                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5727637                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5727637                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5771463                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5727637                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3762083                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3755197                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5727637                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.047933                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4241012                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4241012                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4272688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4241012                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2059005                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2057388                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4241012                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035492                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3752299                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3752299                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3778329                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3752299                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1937769                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1936807                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3752299                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4040739                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4040739                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4060812                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4040739                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2439159                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2436699                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4040739                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3751940                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3751940                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3770172                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3751940                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2169790                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2169052                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3751940                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031399                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4823483                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4823483                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4856935                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4823483                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2083662                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2083079                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4823483                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040366                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3720597                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3720597                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3745578                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720597                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1810861                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1810165                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3720597                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031137                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2535618                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2535618                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2546593                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2535618                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1324383                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1324022                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2535618                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021220                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2959748                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2959748                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2971724                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2959748                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1649127                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1648628                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2959748                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024769                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2064454                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2064454                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2070793                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2064454                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910375                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910250                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2064454                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017277                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1732979                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1732979                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1732979                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785305                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785235                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1732979                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014503                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995150                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1011054                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010920                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016668                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768755                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768755                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771697                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768755                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801065                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800987                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768754                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014802                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062604                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062604                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064751                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062604                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454788                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454740                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062604                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008893                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495908                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495908                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1500207                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495908                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676292                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495908                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012519                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035773                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035773                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041318                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035773                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       822000                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821889                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035773                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017037                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618302                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618302                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1622042                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618302                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       689013                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688922                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618302                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013543                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507644                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507644                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513137                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507644                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707581                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707412                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507644                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012617                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       891036                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       891036                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893551                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       891036                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398323                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398268                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       891036                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007457                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451663                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451659                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007438                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985035                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985035                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985763                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985035                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541403                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541315                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985035                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008243                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       948995                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474058                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007935                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004941                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849175                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407323                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007103                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972555                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530170                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530101                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008133                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934779                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934779                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935531                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934779                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462280                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462251                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934779                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007823                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275509                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275509                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004999                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855387                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855387                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3898877                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855387                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880485                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879511                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855387                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032265                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3673981                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3673981                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3705129                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3673981                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735189                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734381                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3673981                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030746                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761709                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761709                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3793917                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761709                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696855                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695881                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761709                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031481                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820545                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820545                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3852873                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820545                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770260                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769381                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820545                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031973                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6349923     29.35%     29.35% |    14162227     65.46%     94.81% |     1123668      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21635818                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6349925     29.35%     29.35% |    14162228     65.46%     94.81% |     1123668      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21635821                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   154798935                       |   334746495                       |    25525196                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15254519                       |    45469532                       |     1124506                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.378081                       |   23.636572                       |   22.715959                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.402316                       |    3.210620                       |    1.000746                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.806386                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.858619                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.665004                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002841                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062090      7.09%      7.09% |    0.062270      7.12%     14.21% |    0.062026      7.09%     21.30% |    0.062208      7.11%     28.40% |    0.144770     16.54%     44.95% |    0.144397     16.50%     61.45% |    0.144725     16.54%     77.98% |    0.144421     16.50%     94.48% |    0.012066      1.38%     95.86% |    0.012070      1.38%     97.24% |    0.012069      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012067      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.875179                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021691                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022641                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002800                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002146                       |    0.002133                       |    0.002139                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004932                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002470                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002486                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002435                       |    0.002400                       |    0.002526                       |    0.002514                       |    0.002561                       |    0.002497                       |    0.002461                       |    0.002449                       |    0.002433                       |    0.002420                       |    0.002570                       |    0.002468                       |    0.002487                       |    0.002450                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002479                       |    0.002422                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002468                       |    0.002504                       |    0.002493                       |    0.002606                       |    0.002645                       |    0.010997                       |    0.010851                       |    0.010852                       |    0.010840                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000637                       |    0.007463                       |    0.000905                       |    0.000860                       |    0.000847                       |    0.000860                       |    0.000850                       |    0.000865                       |    0.000813                       |    0.000824                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002567                       |    0.000207                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002000                       |    0.004025                       |    0.002595                       |    0.000813                       |    0.003670                       |    0.007100                       |    0.003016                       |           0                       |    0.002594                       |    0.005552                       |           0                       |    0.008235                       |    0.012147                       |    0.003737                       |    0.004851                       |    0.002559                       |    0.000905                       |    0.007817                       |    0.008478                       |    0.010881                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002545                       |    0.000860                       |    0.010291                       |    0.006722                       |    0.006949                       |           0                       |    0.002537                       |    0.005416                       |           0                       |    0.011238                       |    0.007150                       |    0.004406                       |           0                       |    0.002557                       |           0                       |    0.005013                       |    0.003579                       |    0.003354                       |           0                       |    0.002585                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002002                       |           0                       |    0.002544                       |           0                       |    0.001103                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002136                       |    0.004035                       |    0.002548                       |    0.000824                       |    0.004848                       |    0.003420                       |    0.006914                       |    0.002180                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002569                       |    0.000847                       |    0.003846                       |    0.009546                       |    0.010045                       |    0.002929                       |    0.027461                       |    0.004239                       |    0.000637                       |    0.006878                       |    0.014758                       |    0.017801                       |    0.006412                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002567                       |    0.007463                       |    0.006210                       |    0.012344                       |    0.013016                       |    0.006329                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002528                       |    0.000860                       |    0.005667                       |    0.007870                       |    0.006787                       |    0.003654                       |           0                       |    0.002557                       |           0                       |    0.002340                       |    0.004916                       |    0.003408                       |    0.003446                       |           0                       |    0.002535                       |           0                       |    0.001008                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002136                       |           0                       |    0.002575                       |           0                       |    0.000363                       |    0.002479                       |    0.002519                       |           0                       |    0.002617                       |           0                       |    0.004269                       |    0.003321                       |    0.004543                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002657                       |    0.005417                       |           0                       |    0.002935                       |    0.008049                       |    0.009917                       |    0.002506                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002525                       |    0.000850                       |    0.016706                       |    0.007535                       |    0.006096                       |    0.002621                       |    0.004045                       |    0.002506                       |    0.000865                       |    0.005332                       |    0.010289                       |    0.005570                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002650                       |    0.005411                       |           0                       |    0.003606                       |    0.011287                       |    0.006447                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |           0                       |    0.001611                       |    0.004910                       |    0.003227                       |    0.002539                       |           0                       |    0.002564                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |    0.002519                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002422                       |           0                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002008                       |           0                       |    0.004358                       |           0                       |    0.002506                       |           0                       |    0.003017                       |    0.001510                       |    0.005486                       |           0                       |    0.002621                       |           0                       |    0.008326                       |    0.003235                       |    0.002855                       |           0                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002013                       |    0.006360                       |    0.002640                       |           0                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.004354                       |    0.005691                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002539                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004918                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002468                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.875179                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8042851                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8042851                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341357                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6143256                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5513579                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.750110                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          741729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29468                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12343245                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52688                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9924693                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44987                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12395933                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9969680                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22267938                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97675                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22365613                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4878200                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9780                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4887980                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4878200                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9780                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4887980                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112664405                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17655150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48119187                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8042851                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6255308                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90014023                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             144220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       232858                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320752                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4877525                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137990                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3942                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108909459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.809046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.160910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92340586     84.79%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1692105      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1172027      1.08%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2674871      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1595711      1.47%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           731729      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1372078      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           864829      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6465523      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108909459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071388                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.427102                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10423141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86690136                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5839151                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5578602                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378422                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82360064                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378422                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12519295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49720530                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6485517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9015131                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30790557                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       80946503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8040326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90461167                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184731862                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    118016953                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      77974514                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486638                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176842                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179143                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34306099                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7588755                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10148635                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2628737                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2295309                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78874454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       657449                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          82013945                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172415                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7817858                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12083503                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62827                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108909459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.753047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76818658     70.53%     70.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12257449     11.25%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6445207      5.92%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4671430      4.29%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3480531      3.20%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3217770      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483613      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339268      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195533      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108909459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181160     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631775     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84557      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273040      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59162006     72.14%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12482165     15.22%     87.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10016277     12.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       82013945                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.727949                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897492                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010943                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    274007161                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87356906                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75873632                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82638349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2379960                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155179                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2669                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7549                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519375                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5592431                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378422                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7132900                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34296214                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79531903                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7588755                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10148635                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       648233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         629602                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33448084                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7549                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179413                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393394                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81436353                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12332395                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22271888                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6477715                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9939493                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.722822                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               75954061                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75873668                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45905252                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          76033661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673448                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603749                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834653                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       594622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354438                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107517510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.645340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84597003     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7982289      7.42%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4373211      4.07%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2458575      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2643201      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2084494      1.94%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480909      0.45%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482954      0.45%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2414874      2.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107517510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39729842                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70684834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16062831                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6433572                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6095985                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70310577                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       662924                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54385220     76.94%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6433572      9.10%     86.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9629259     13.62%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70684834                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2414874                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184547974                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160437280                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85295                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3754946                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39729842                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70684834                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.835763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.835763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352639                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352639                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120183240                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59127355                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29749672                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24623916                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35407782                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10648061000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10648060999.999989                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408224                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.976441                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.210647                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.506495                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3391242     99.50%     99.50% |       14954      0.44%     99.94% |        1516      0.04%     99.98% |         462      0.01%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408224                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039205                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.025632                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.988754                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.510958                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2873508     71.14%     71.14% |     1165562     28.86%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039205                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25473                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.364464                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.885233                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.873974                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         792      3.11%      3.11% |        3491     13.70%     16.81% |       11475     45.05%     61.86% |        5139     20.17%     82.04% |        4163     16.34%     98.38% |         356      1.40%     99.78% |          52      0.20%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25473                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6142933                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.393057                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.116225                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          82.914947                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6128647     99.77%     99.77% |       11891      0.19%     99.96% |        1124      0.02%     99.98% |         603      0.01%     99.99% |         387      0.01%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6142933                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5338937                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000530                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000457                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023013                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5336111     99.95%     99.95% |        2825      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5338937                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803996                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     204.652686                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    176.997609                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    131.095864                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      789710     98.22%     98.22% |       11891      1.48%     99.70% |        1124      0.14%     99.84% |         603      0.08%     99.92% |         387      0.05%     99.97% |         166      0.02%     99.99% |          88      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803996                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9696617                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.818542                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.363048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.579601                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9507407     98.05%     98.05% |      166894      1.72%     99.77% |       19066      0.20%     99.97% |         288      0.00%     99.97% |        1294      0.01%     99.98% |        1484      0.02%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9696617                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9408969                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000189                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000163                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013753                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9407189     99.98%     99.98% |        1780      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9408969                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287648                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.426897                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.851346                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.544594                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98438     34.22%     34.22% |      166894     58.02%     92.24% |       19066      6.63%     98.87% |         288      0.10%     98.97% |        1294      0.45%     99.42% |        1484      0.52%     99.94% |         179      0.06%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4871073                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.091084                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.256966                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.722595                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4857420     99.72%     99.72% |       11224      0.23%     99.95% |        2168      0.04%     99.99% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4871073                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4746786                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4746785    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4746786                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124287                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.954042                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.156213                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.064493                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.01%     89.01% |       11224      9.03%     98.05% |        2168      1.74%     99.79% |          47      0.04%     99.83% |          91      0.07%     99.90% |         108      0.09%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124287                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.754340                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647834                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.193971                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154292     98.73%     98.73% |        1527      0.98%     99.71% |         394      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146881     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9269                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   100.003452                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.740134                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.745368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.63%     78.63% |        1527     16.47%     95.10% |         394      4.25%     99.35% |          19      0.20%     99.56% |          19      0.20%     99.76% |          15      0.16%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9269                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13461                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       588931                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62701                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17989                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   109052                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54668                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     7421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   108959                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108457                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108629                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  109163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54668                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108917                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  109093                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54682                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    7420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108796                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    737                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                     96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   829                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   855                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                    96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   829                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   765                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   146                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                    92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   731                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   774                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                    94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5874                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       69                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       74                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                      101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      80                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      74                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      82                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                     103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                     100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                     101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  318878                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  208883                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  380841                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  213477                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  118288                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  196376                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  332843                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  190559                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  106994                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 218945                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 374118                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 223317                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 117942                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               31026781                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31157237                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31030003                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               30936149                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31035331                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31207823                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31048484                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30945121                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31025018                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31203468                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               31029053                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30936375                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31065908                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles               31217211                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               31068184                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               30971388                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               31050620                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles               31244800                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               31057498                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               30957543                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53531                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3343                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107925                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6301                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53516                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3341                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53476                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107322                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53482                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3342                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107500                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6308                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53539                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              108014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53534                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3549                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107774                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6308                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53584                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              107943                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6302                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53530                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3340                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107656                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6306                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                773                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                113                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                747                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                788                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                115                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                730                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               828                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               838                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses                96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               822                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               788                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                92                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               765                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               786                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               770                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               123                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               770                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                92                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               720                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               111                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               729                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                98                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               774                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               760                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                94                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1127                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4080                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1151                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1135                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4081                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1134                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4585                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               4080                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               304                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               17                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses               18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 748847                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8731254                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1186617                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8980057                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 698319                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8686584                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1142921                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                9016682                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 675867                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8638129                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1168996                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8865219                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                697685                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8613972                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1133727                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8902310                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                680432                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8621280                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1184062                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8797026                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                694935                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8539656                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1213998                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8801398                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                666678                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9138613                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1160871                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9303864                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                733883                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8877308                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1232936                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9083758                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                714292                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                615215                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8647204                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1130051                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8893027                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                673223                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8604019                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1092340                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8931012                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                652713                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8554096                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1111794                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8778349                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               672758                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8531285                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1082684                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8816413                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               657219                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8537217                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1127759                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8710176                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               670292                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8456973                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1156547                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8715821                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               643572                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9051288                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1101875                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9213771                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               703986                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8791856                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1170715                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              8994791                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               687156                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             268193                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             570566                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             459747                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             579381                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              92748                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             569790                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             413933                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             578588                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              92696                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            574237                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            450793                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            577621                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             97692                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            569901                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            406073                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            578211                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             95271                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            573226                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            459732                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            577153                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             95621                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            572451                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            463996                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            577077                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             94461                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            573463                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            460351                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            577244                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             98252                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            573750                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            498452                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            578501                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             96494                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               932444                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               113387                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               115909                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               120347                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               101747                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               105468                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               108946                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              113055                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              117161                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              121015                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              101804                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              106659                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              109262                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              114006                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              116427                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              120446                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              101679                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              104990                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              108640                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              136420                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              141146                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143482                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              124100                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              129756                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              131926                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           615215                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8647204                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1130051                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8893027                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           673223                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8604019                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1092340                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8931012                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           652713                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8554096                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1111794                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8778349                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          672758                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8531285                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1082684                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8816413                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          657219                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8537217                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1127759                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8710176                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          670292                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8456973                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1156547                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8715821                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          643572                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9051288                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1101875                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9213771                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          703986                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8791856                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1170715                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         8994791                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          687156                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        570566                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        459284                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        579381                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         92286                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        569790                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        413154                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        578588                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         92493                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       574237                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       450607                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       577621                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        97355                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       569901                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       405705                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       578211                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        94846                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       573226                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       459204                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       577153                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        95300                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       572451                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       463601                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       577077                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        94072                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       573463                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       459658                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       577244                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        97965                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       573750                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       497633                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       578501                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        96217                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          614628                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          113387                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          115909                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          119455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          101747                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          105468                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          108144                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         113055                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         117161                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         120122                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         101804                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         106659                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         108461                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         114006                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         116427                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         119553                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         101679                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         104990                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         107838                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         136420                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         141146                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142407                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         124100                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         129756                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         130941                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             748590                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8661510                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1130051                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8908235                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             688350                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8616840                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1092340                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8944860                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             666347                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8568385                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1111794                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8793402                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            687647                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8544228                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1082684                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8830498                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            670880                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8551536                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1127759                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8725199                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            685268                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8469912                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1156547                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8729581                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            657271                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9068869                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1101875                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9232057                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            722142                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8807564                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1170715                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           9011936                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            703753                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1532                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               980                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1373                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               903                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1499                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1012                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1431                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              944                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             1874                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1073                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             2213                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1007                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             1662                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1198                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             1649                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1213                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98680245                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103222535                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         104072757                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108713551                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98680241                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103222531                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         104072753                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108713547                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98680247                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103222537                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        104072759                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108713553                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98680243                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103222533                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        104072755                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108713549                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98680252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103222542                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        104072764                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108713558                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98680248                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103222538                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        104072760                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108713554                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98680264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103222554                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        104072776                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108713570                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98680260                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103222550                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        104072772                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108713566                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11124787                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15203836                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11250824                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14897490                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10753499                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15179723                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11252400                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14873230                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10742410                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15159133                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11246304                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14848205                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10752890                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15139821                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11252719                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14840095                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10744816                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15117693                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11252732                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14807303                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10750464                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15116683                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11236501                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14808045                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10737973                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15410917                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11258828                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15079727                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10770896                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15305108                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11255144                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        14996071                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10758583                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               758                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              761                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              801                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              797                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              705                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              758                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              765                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4004                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4007                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1139                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4005                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1116                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4519                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3487                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1137                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             4007                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             39083                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3039                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47867                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2551                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3038                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48874                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2615                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            38980                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39082                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3039                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            48813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            39149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47675                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39021                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48878                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38660                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2843                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             3038                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45307                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            9956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            2358                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            2095                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             692                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            1211                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles            1986                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            2246                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             692                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             667                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           2253                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           2082                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles            698                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           1176                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           1974                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           2157                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            691                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1175                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles           1308                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           2026                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles            696                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           1158                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles           2373                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles           1854                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            687                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           1168                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           3373                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           2424                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles           2328                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           1151                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles           1909                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           2417                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles           1329                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles           1111                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219257     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216432     24.93%     75.10% |      216202     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868316                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56723     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219025                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219284     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216432     24.92%     75.10% |      216201     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62619     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242636                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154342     25.03%     25.03% |      154124     25.00%     50.03% |      154116     25.00%     75.03% |      153941     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616523                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219257     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216432     24.93%     75.10% |      216202     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868316                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56468     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218197                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154342     25.03%     25.03% |      154124     25.00%     50.03% |      154116     25.00%     75.03% |      153941     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616523                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219257     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216432     24.93%     75.10% |      216201     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868315                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56468     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218197                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4754729     77.39%     77.39% |          76      0.00%     77.39% |      181859      2.96%     80.35% |      172515      2.81%     83.16% |      172131      2.80%     85.96% |      172260      2.80%     88.76% |      172771      2.81%     91.58% |      172731      2.81%     94.39% |      172427      2.81%     97.19% |      172387      2.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6143886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4871139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4871139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9786620     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        7489      0.08%     99.54% |        7489      0.08%     99.62% |        7489      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.77% |        8001      0.08%     99.85% |        6977      0.07%     99.92% |        7489      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9855686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15723     73.02%     73.02% |          71      0.33%     73.35% |        2322     10.78%     84.14% |         490      2.28%     86.41% |         490      2.28%     88.69% |         483      2.24%     90.93% |         487      2.26%     93.19% |         513      2.38%     95.57% |         456      2.12%     97.69% |         497      2.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561710     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96181      7.90%     54.06% |       79878      6.56%     60.62% |       79861      6.56%     67.18% |       79870      6.56%     73.74% |       79869      6.56%     80.31% |       80087      6.58%     86.89% |       79698      6.55%     93.44% |       79878      6.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         134     13.59%     14.30% |         137     13.89%     28.19% |         133     13.49%     41.68% |         134     13.59%     55.27% |         139     14.10%     69.37% |         166     16.84%     86.21% |         136     13.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.47%      0.47% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          80      2.71%      3.28% |         403     13.64%     16.92% |         414     14.01%     30.93% |         406     13.74%     44.67% |         410     13.87%     58.54% |         427     14.45%     72.99% |         373     12.62%     85.62% |         425     14.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     86.49%     86.49% |           0      0.00%     86.49% |           4      5.41%     91.89% |           0      0.00%     91.89% |           0      0.00%     91.89% |           2      2.70%     94.59% |           3      4.05%     98.65% |           1      1.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154484     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85682     10.73%     30.09% |       79717      9.99%     40.08% |       79721      9.99%     50.07% |       79730      9.99%     60.05% |       79728      9.99%     70.04% |       79907     10.01%     80.05% |       79528      9.96%     90.01% |       79733      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.47% |        2271     76.85%     77.33% |         101      3.42%     80.74% |         100      3.38%     84.13% |          92      3.11%     87.24% |          86      2.91%     90.15% |         108      3.65%     93.81% |          99      3.35%     97.16% |          84      2.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411000     96.99%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |        8688      2.05%     99.04% |         582      0.14%     99.18% |         560      0.13%     99.31% |         572      0.13%     99.45% |         579      0.14%     99.58% |         594      0.14%     99.72% |         593      0.14%     99.86% |         585      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     37.23%     37.23% |          16      8.51%     45.74% |          16      8.51%     54.26% |          16      8.51%     62.77% |          17      9.04%     71.81% |          20     10.64%     82.45% |          18      9.57%     92.02% |          15      7.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.17%      9.17% |           0      0.00%      9.17% |          80     34.93%     44.10% |          16      6.99%     51.09% |          20      8.73%     59.83% |          16      6.99%     66.81% |          17      7.42%     74.24% |          22      9.61%     83.84% |          21      9.17%     93.01% |          16      6.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438225     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93592      8.63%     49.02% |       79001      7.28%     56.31% |       78988      7.28%     63.59% |       79011      7.28%     70.87% |       79003      7.28%     78.15% |       79189      7.30%     85.45% |       78787      7.26%     92.72% |       79002      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153623     19.15%     19.15% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88205     10.99%     30.14% |       80079      9.98%     40.12% |       80064      9.98%     50.10% |       80071      9.98%     60.08% |       80072      9.98%     70.06% |       80264     10.00%     80.06% |       79923      9.96%     90.02% |       80069      9.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122933    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286062     96.40%     96.40% |           0      0.00%     96.40% |        8488      2.86%     99.26% |         311      0.10%     99.37% |         309      0.10%     99.47% |         311      0.10%     99.58% |         309      0.10%     99.68% |         335      0.11%     99.80% |         287      0.10%     99.89% |         321      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11273     67.23%     67.23% |           0      0.00%     67.23% |        2297     13.70%     80.93% |         457      2.73%     83.66% |         460      2.74%     86.40% |         453      2.70%     89.10% |         458      2.73%     91.84% |         479      2.86%     94.69% |         425      2.53%     97.23% |         465      2.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1458     91.76%     91.76% |          38      2.39%     94.15% |          12      0.76%     94.90% |           9      0.57%     95.47% |          12      0.76%     96.22% |          12      0.76%     96.98% |          12      0.76%     97.73% |          12      0.76%     98.49% |          12      0.76%     99.24% |          12      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           59                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         820     42.49%     42.49% |           0      0.00%     42.49% |          17      0.88%     43.37% |         154      7.98%     51.35% |         152      7.88%     59.22% |         148      7.67%     66.89% |         148      7.67%     74.56% |         158      8.19%     82.75% |         181      9.38%     92.12% |         152      7.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87468     12.30%     14.03% |       87472     12.31%     26.33% |       87053     12.25%     38.58% |       86801     12.21%     50.79% |       87724     12.34%     63.13% |       87435     12.30%     75.43% |       87432     12.30%     87.73% |       87213     12.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       710843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4746786    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4746786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.55%     13.55% |           0      0.00%     13.55% |          16     10.32%     23.87% |          16     10.32%     34.19% |          16     10.32%     44.52% |          16     10.32%     54.84% |          17     10.97%     65.81% |          20     12.90%     78.71% |          18     11.61%     90.32% |          15      9.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2213     89.56%     89.56% |          14      0.57%     90.13% |          25      1.01%     91.14% |          33      1.34%     92.47% |          30      1.21%     93.69% |          30      1.21%     94.90% |          29      1.17%     96.07% |          34      1.38%     97.45% |          31      1.25%     98.70% |          32      1.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122549     94.13%     94.13% |           0      0.00%     94.13% |        2572      1.98%     96.11% |         723      0.56%     96.66% |         721      0.55%     97.22% |         711      0.55%     97.76% |         718      0.55%     98.31% |         740      0.57%     98.88% |         730      0.56%     99.44% |         724      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1595985     97.56%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |        5949      0.36%     97.93% |        4731      0.29%     98.22% |        4778      0.29%     98.51% |        5150      0.31%     98.82% |        4739      0.29%     99.11% |        4795      0.29%     99.41% |        4835      0.30%     99.70% |        4869      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1635831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25208     50.75%     50.75% |           0      0.00%     50.75% |        3074      6.19%     56.94% |        3057      6.15%     63.09% |        3059      6.16%     69.25% |        3058      6.16%     75.41% |        3058      6.16%     81.56% |        3062      6.16%     87.73% |        3047      6.13%     93.86% |        3049      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1937     97.14%     97.14% |          57      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127220     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82416     11.08%     28.18% |       76336     10.26%     38.44% |       76328     10.26%     48.70% |       76346     10.26%     58.97% |       76341     10.26%     69.23% |       76504     10.28%     79.51% |       76060     10.22%     89.74% |       76342     10.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     13.77%     13.77% |         126     13.77%     27.54% |         126     13.77%     41.31% |         126     13.77%     55.08% |         126     13.77%     68.85% |         159     17.38%     86.23% |         126     13.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.48%      0.64% |          66     10.54%     11.18% |          72     11.50%     22.68% |          82     13.10%     35.78% |          74     11.82%     47.60% |          77     12.30%     59.90% |          89     14.22%     74.12% |          72     11.50%     85.62% |          90     14.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2990467     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         224      0.01%     99.95% |         224      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         224      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2992263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9473783     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4104      0.04%     99.74% |        4105      0.04%     99.78% |        4104      0.04%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.87% |        4584      0.05%     99.92% |        3624      0.04%     99.96% |        4103      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9507577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         300    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311005     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2665      0.78%     95.29% |        2660      0.78%     96.07% |        2665      0.78%     96.85% |        2662      0.78%     97.63% |        2685      0.79%     98.42% |        2727      0.80%     99.22% |        2660      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      9.86%      9.86% |           8     11.27%     21.13% |          11     15.49%     36.62% |           7      9.86%     46.48% |           8     11.27%     57.75% |          13     18.31%     76.06% |           7      9.86%     85.92% |          10     14.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         331     14.21%     15.37% |         332     14.26%     29.63% |         332     14.26%     43.88% |         333     14.30%     58.18% |         338     14.51%     72.69% |         301     12.92%     85.62% |         335     14.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154484     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85682     10.73%     30.09% |       79717      9.99%     40.08% |       79721      9.99%     50.07% |       79730      9.99%     60.05% |       79728      9.99%     70.04% |       79907     10.01%     80.05% |       79528      9.96%     90.01% |       79733      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.47% |        2271     76.85%     77.33% |         101      3.42%     80.74% |         100      3.38%     84.13% |          92      3.11%     87.24% |          86      2.91%     90.15% |         108      3.65%     93.81% |          99      3.35%     97.16% |          84      2.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124882     98.31%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |         264      0.21%     98.51% |         270      0.21%     98.73% |         255      0.20%     98.93% |         261      0.21%     99.13% |         270      0.21%     99.34% |         261      0.21%     99.55% |         308      0.24%     99.79% |         264      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     86.49%     86.49% |           0      0.00%     86.49% |           4      5.41%     91.89% |           0      0.00%     91.89% |           0      0.00%     91.89% |           2      2.70%     94.59% |           3      4.05%     98.65% |           1      1.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286118     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8424      2.84%     99.27% |         312      0.11%     99.37% |         305      0.10%     99.47% |         311      0.10%     99.58% |         309      0.10%     99.68% |         333      0.11%     99.80% |         285      0.10%     99.89% |         321      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     37.23%     37.23% |          16      8.51%     45.74% |          16      8.51%     54.26% |          16      8.51%     62.77% |          17      9.04%     71.81% |          20     10.64%     82.45% |          18      9.57%     92.02% |          15      7.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.17%      9.17% |           0      0.00%      9.17% |          80     34.93%     44.10% |          16      6.99%     51.09% |          20      8.73%     59.83% |          16      6.99%     66.81% |          17      7.42%     74.24% |          22      9.61%     83.84% |          21      9.17%     93.01% |          16      6.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         951     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438225     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93592      8.63%     49.02% |       79001      7.28%     56.31% |       78988      7.28%     63.59% |       79011      7.28%     70.87% |       79003      7.28%     78.15% |       79189      7.30%     85.45% |       78787      7.26%     92.72% |       79002      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084798                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3861      3.11%      3.11% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3488      2.81%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3593      2.89%     14.66% |        3975      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3271      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.36% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3911      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.73% |        3492      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.04% |        3903      3.14%     46.18% |        3753      3.02%     49.19% |        4171      3.36%     52.55% |        4189      3.37%     55.92% |        3560      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3094      2.49%     63.90% |        3726      3.00%     66.90% |        3544      2.85%     69.75% |        3417      2.75%     72.50% |        3650      2.94%     75.43% |        3755      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4744      3.82%     84.92% |        3965      3.19%     88.11% |        5242      4.22%     92.32% |        5078      4.08%     96.41% |        4466      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       65006      8.08%      8.08% |       24834      3.09%     11.17% |       23703      2.95%     14.12% |       24437      3.04%     17.16% |       23818      2.96%     20.12% |       23533      2.93%     23.05% |       23088      2.87%     25.92% |       23137      2.88%     28.80% |       24581      3.06%     31.86% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25084      3.12%     37.92% |       24510      3.05%     40.97% |       23551      2.93%     43.90% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.51% |       25148      3.13%     55.64% |       23727      2.95%     58.59% |       23921      2.98%     61.57% |       23906      2.97%     64.54% |       23671      2.94%     67.49% |       23621      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24409      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22899      2.85%     87.97% |       23520      2.93%     90.89% |       23070      2.87%     93.76% |       23844      2.97%     96.73% |       26296      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804047                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14713      4.96%      4.96% |        8838      2.98%      7.93% |        9240      3.11%     11.05% |        8682      2.93%     13.97% |        9390      3.16%     17.14% |        8832      2.98%     20.11% |        8953      3.02%     23.13% |        8612      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.21% |        8760      2.95%     32.16% |        9305      3.14%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.48% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.81% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296807                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         136     87.74%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.65%     88.39% |           1      0.65%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           2      1.29%     90.32% |           1      0.65%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           7      4.52%     95.48% |           1      0.65%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           1      0.65%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           2      1.29%     98.06% |           1      0.65%     98.71% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76698      7.07%      7.07% |       33082      3.05%     10.12% |       32375      2.98%     13.10% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.86% |       33635      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33980      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35239      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084798                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9270      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.08%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.24% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19501      3.16%      3.16% |       19290      3.13%      6.29% |       19345      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19295      3.13%     15.68% |       19255      3.12%     18.80% |       19235      3.12%     21.92% |       19251      3.12%     25.04% |       19263      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19321      3.13%     34.43% |       19256      3.12%     37.55% |       19304      3.13%     40.68% |       19284      3.13%     43.81% |       19271      3.12%     46.93% |       19245      3.12%     50.05% |       19265      3.12%     53.17% |       19293      3.13%     56.30% |       19249      3.12%     59.42% |       19216      3.12%     62.54% |       19238      3.12%     65.66% |       19229      3.12%     68.78% |       19231      3.12%     71.90% |       19226      3.12%     75.01% |       19286      3.13%     78.14% |       19290      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19226      3.12%     87.51% |       19248      3.12%     90.63% |       19254      3.12%     93.75% |       19244      3.12%     96.87% |       19285      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29887      3.44%      3.44% |       27067      3.12%      6.56% |       27136      3.13%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27056      3.12%     15.92% |       27028      3.11%     19.03% |       27018      3.11%     22.14% |       27024      3.11%     25.25% |       27053      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27115      3.12%     34.61% |       27048      3.11%     37.72% |       27079      3.12%     40.84% |       27063      3.12%     43.96% |       27046      3.11%     47.07% |       27021      3.11%     50.19% |       27065      3.12%     53.30% |       27068      3.12%     56.42% |       27041      3.11%     59.53% |       26996      3.11%     62.64% |       27016      3.11%     65.76% |       27028      3.11%     68.87% |       27015      3.11%     71.98% |       27006      3.11%     75.09% |       27072      3.12%     78.21% |       27074      3.12%     81.32% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       26999      3.11%     87.55% |       27029      3.11%     90.66% |       27020      3.11%     93.77% |       27009      3.11%     96.88% |       27049      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868315                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28863      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26112      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26032      3.12%     15.93% |       26004      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       26000      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26024      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26022      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26017      3.11%     59.54% |       25972      3.11%     62.65% |       25992      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25975      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25985      3.11%     96.89% |       26025      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835547                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         238      9.05%      9.05% |          78      2.97%     12.02% |          84      3.20%     15.21% |          84      3.20%     18.41% |          95      3.61%     22.02% |          92      3.50%     25.52% |          72      2.74%     28.26% |          76      2.89%     31.15% |          80      3.04%     34.20% |          74      2.81%     37.01% |          78      2.97%     39.98% |          73      2.78%     42.75% |          78      2.97%     45.72% |          70      2.66%     48.38% |          72      2.74%     51.12% |          70      2.66%     53.78% |          71      2.70%     56.49% |          75      2.85%     59.34% |          77      2.93%     62.27% |          74      2.81%     65.08% |          71      2.70%     67.78% |          77      2.93%     70.71% |          74      2.81%     73.53% |          73      2.78%     76.30% |          74      2.81%     79.12% |          78      2.97%     82.08% |          78      2.97%     85.05% |          79      3.00%     88.06% |          80      3.04%     91.10% |          78      2.97%     94.07% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2629                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         603     96.33%     96.33% |           4      0.64%     96.96% |           3      0.48%     97.44% |           3      0.48%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      0.16%     98.08% |           0      0.00%     98.08% |           1      0.16%     98.24% |           4      0.64%     98.88% |           4      0.64%     99.52% |           3      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          626                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         518     18.38%     18.38% |          94      3.33%     21.71% |          90      3.19%     24.90% |          90      3.19%     28.10% |          69      2.45%     30.54% |          69      2.45%     32.99% |          69      2.45%     35.44% |          69      2.45%     37.89% |          69      2.45%     40.33% |          69      2.45%     42.78% |          69      2.45%     45.23% |          69      2.45%     47.68% |          72      2.55%     50.23% |          69      2.45%     52.68% |          70      2.48%     55.16% |          69      2.45%     57.61% |          69      2.45%     60.06% |          97      3.44%     63.50% |          98      3.48%     66.97% |          98      3.48%     70.45% |          69      2.45%     72.90% |          69      2.45%     75.35% |          71      2.52%     77.86% |          69      2.45%     80.31% |          69      2.45%     82.76% |          70      2.48%     85.24% |          69      2.45%     87.69% |          69      2.45%     90.14% |          71      2.52%     92.66% |          69      2.45%     95.10% |          69      2.45%     97.55% |          69      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2819                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1077      5.93%      5.93% |         529      2.91%      8.85% |         544      3.00%     11.85% |         528      2.91%     14.75% |         541      2.98%     17.73% |         535      2.95%     20.68% |         523      2.88%     23.56% |         541      2.98%     26.54% |         549      3.02%     29.57% |         539      2.97%     32.54% |         579      3.19%     35.73% |         559      3.08%     38.81% |         586      3.23%     42.04% |         580      3.20%     45.23% |         562      3.10%     48.33% |         562      3.10%     51.42% |         574      3.16%     54.59% |         583      3.21%     57.80% |         546      3.01%     60.81% |         525      2.89%     63.70% |         534      2.94%     66.64% |         544      3.00%     69.64% |         531      2.93%     72.56% |         537      2.96%     75.52% |         566      3.12%     78.64% |         564      3.11%     81.75% |         557      3.07%     84.82% |         542      2.99%     87.80% |         536      2.95%     90.76% |         555      3.06%     93.81% |         543      2.99%     96.80% |         580      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         780     26.40%     26.40% |          75      2.54%     28.93% |          72      2.44%     31.37% |          72      2.44%     33.81% |          69      2.34%     36.14% |          69      2.34%     38.48% |          69      2.34%     40.81% |          69      2.34%     43.15% |          69      2.34%     45.48% |          69      2.34%     47.82% |          69      2.34%     50.15% |          69      2.34%     52.49% |          73      2.47%     54.96% |          69      2.34%     57.29% |          70      2.37%     59.66% |          69      2.34%     62.00% |          70      2.37%     64.37% |          73      2.47%     66.84% |          74      2.50%     69.34% |          73      2.47%     71.81% |          69      2.34%     74.15% |          69      2.34%     76.48% |          71      2.40%     78.88% |          69      2.34%     81.22% |          69      2.34%     83.55% |          70      2.37%     85.92% |          69      2.34%     88.26% |          69      2.34%     90.59% |          71      2.40%     92.99% |          69      2.34%     95.33% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2955                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77860      7.11%      7.11% |       33394      3.05%     10.16% |       32689      2.98%     13.14% |       32860      3.00%     16.14% |       33106      3.02%     19.17% |       32034      2.92%     22.09% |       31958      2.92%     25.01% |       31675      2.89%     27.90% |       33954      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.95% |       34303      3.13%     37.09% |       33124      3.02%     40.11% |       32699      2.99%     43.10% |       31745      2.90%     46.00% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34276      3.13%     54.92% |       32115      2.93%     57.85% |       32976      3.01%     60.86% |       32543      2.97%     63.83% |       33033      3.02%     66.85% |       32475      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31819      2.91%     87.68% |       33170      3.03%     90.71% |       31908      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35574      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         412      3.04%      9.10% |         403      2.98%     12.08% |         422      3.12%     15.20% |         398      2.94%     18.14% |         400      2.95%     21.09% |         419      3.10%     24.19% |         407      3.01%     27.19% |         414      3.06%     30.25% |         430      3.18%     33.43% |         428      3.16%     36.59% |         460      3.40%     39.99% |         449      3.32%     43.30% |         430      3.18%     46.48% |         439      3.24%     49.72% |         444      3.28%     53.00% |         450      3.32%     56.33% |         421      3.11%     59.44% |         397      2.93%     62.37% |         403      2.98%     65.35% |         426      3.15%     68.49% |         406      3.00%     71.49% |         413      3.05%     74.54% |         441      3.26%     77.80% |         443      3.27%     81.07% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         422      3.12%     87.48% |         415      3.07%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         415      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23444      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20783      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20687      3.11%     16.01% |       20687      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.46% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20671      3.11%     37.81% |       20680      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20662      3.11%     62.69% |       20670      3.11%     65.80% |       20650      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20635      3.10%     87.57% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20626      3.10%     96.88% |       20703      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5947      3.13%     15.66% |        5943      3.12%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.90% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1205     44.24%     44.24% |         197      7.23%     51.47% |         174      6.39%     57.86% |         180      6.61%     64.46% |          14      0.51%     64.98% |         248      9.10%     74.08% |          14      0.51%     74.60% |           5      0.18%     74.78% |           3      0.11%     74.89% |           1      0.04%     74.93% |          16      0.59%     75.51% |           4      0.15%     75.66% |           1      0.04%     75.70% |           1      0.04%     75.73% |          39      1.43%     77.17% |          16      0.59%     77.75% |           9      0.33%     78.08% |         160      5.87%     83.96% |         213      7.82%     91.78% |         164      6.02%     97.80% |           1      0.04%     97.83% |          15      0.55%     98.38% |          10      0.37%     98.75% |           2      0.07%     98.83% |           5      0.18%     99.01% |           1      0.04%     99.05% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.60% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2724                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          77     71.96%     71.96% |           6      5.61%     77.57% |           2      1.87%     79.44% |           5      4.67%     84.11% |           0      0.00%     84.11% |           1      0.93%     85.05% |           1      0.93%     85.98% |           0      0.00%     85.98% |           0      0.00%     85.98% |           1      0.93%     86.92% |           0      0.00%     86.92% |           0      0.00%     86.92% |           5      4.67%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           3      2.80%     94.39% |           1      0.93%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           1      0.93%     96.26% |           0      0.00%     96.26% |           1      0.93%     97.20% |           1      0.93%     98.13% |           2      1.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         136     87.74%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.65%     88.39% |           1      0.65%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           2      1.29%     90.32% |           1      0.65%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           7      4.52%     95.48% |           1      0.65%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           1      0.65%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           2      1.29%     98.06% |           1      0.65%     98.71% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         900      6.46%      6.46% |         387      2.78%      9.23% |         411      2.95%     12.18% |         402      2.88%     15.06% |         421      3.02%     18.08% |         400      2.87%     20.95% |         401      2.88%     23.83% |         417      2.99%     26.82% |         403      2.89%     29.71% |         410      2.94%     32.65% |         430      3.08%     35.74% |         429      3.08%     38.82% |         455      3.26%     42.08% |         446      3.20%     45.28% |         427      3.06%     48.34% |         434      3.11%     51.46% |         442      3.17%     54.63% |         449      3.22%     57.85% |         423      3.03%     60.88% |         399      2.86%     63.74% |         402      2.88%     66.63% |         422      3.03%     69.66% |         401      2.88%     72.53% |         408      2.93%     75.46% |         438      3.14%     78.60% |         439      3.15%     81.75% |         441      3.16%     84.91% |         420      3.01%     87.93% |         412      2.96%     90.88% |         434      3.11%     94.00% |         424      3.04%     97.04% |         413      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13940                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39571     29.59%     29.59% |        3808      2.85%     32.44% |        2666      1.99%     34.43% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.31% |        2516      1.88%     41.19% |        2327      1.74%     42.93% |        2385      1.78%     44.71% |        3812      2.85%     47.56% |        2877      2.15%     49.71% |        4242      3.17%     52.89% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.80% |        2531      1.89%     59.69% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2439      1.82%     63.04% |        4394      3.29%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.89% |        2931      2.19%     75.08% |        2887      2.16%     77.24% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3651      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.76% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5516      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8540      8.09%      8.09% |        2870      2.72%     10.82% |        3268      3.10%     13.91% |        2698      2.56%     16.47% |        3400      3.22%     19.69% |        2858      2.71%     22.40% |        2983      2.83%     25.23% |        2656      2.52%     27.75% |        3467      3.29%     31.03% |        2786      2.64%     33.67% |        3347      3.17%     36.85% |        2709      2.57%     39.41% |        3249      3.08%     42.49% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.85% |        2619      2.48%     50.34% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.92% |        3365      3.19%     59.11% |        2910      2.76%     61.87% |        3460      3.28%     65.15% |        2957      2.80%     67.95% |        3605      3.42%     71.36% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105500                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9224      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.70% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.06% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6636      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18465      3.07%      3.07% |       18832      3.14%      6.21% |       18861      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18783      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18776      3.13%     28.11% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.75% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18757      3.12%     50.00% |       18761      3.12%     53.13% |       18776      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18774      3.13%     65.63% |       18751      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18783      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600678                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         780     26.40%     26.40% |          75      2.54%     28.93% |          72      2.44%     31.37% |          72      2.44%     33.81% |          69      2.34%     36.14% |          69      2.34%     38.48% |          69      2.34%     40.81% |          69      2.34%     43.15% |          69      2.34%     45.48% |          69      2.34%     47.82% |          69      2.34%     50.15% |          69      2.34%     52.49% |          73      2.47%     54.96% |          69      2.34%     57.29% |          70      2.37%     59.66% |          69      2.34%     62.00% |          70      2.37%     64.37% |          73      2.47%     66.84% |          74      2.50%     69.34% |          73      2.47%     71.81% |          69      2.34%     74.15% |          69      2.34%     76.48% |          71      2.40%     78.88% |          69      2.34%     81.22% |          69      2.34%     83.55% |          70      2.37%     85.92% |          69      2.34%     88.26% |          69      2.34%     90.59% |          71      2.40%     92.99% |          69      2.34%     95.33% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2955                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          87      8.82%      8.82% |          29      2.94%     11.76% |          29      2.94%     14.71% |          29      2.94%     17.65% |          29      2.94%     20.59% |          29      2.94%     23.53% |          29      2.94%     26.47% |          29      2.94%     29.41% |          29      2.94%     32.35% |          29      2.94%     35.29% |          29      2.94%     38.24% |          29      2.94%     41.18% |          29      2.94%     44.12% |          29      2.94%     47.06% |          29      2.94%     50.00% |          29      2.94%     52.94% |          29      2.94%     55.88% |          29      2.94%     58.82% |          29      2.94%     61.76% |          29      2.94%     64.71% |          29      2.94%     67.65% |          29      2.94%     70.59% |          29      2.94%     73.53% |          29      2.94%     76.47% |          29      2.94%     79.41% |          29      2.94%     82.35% |          29      2.94%     85.29% |          29      2.94%     88.24% |          29      2.94%     91.18% |          29      2.94%     94.12% |          29      2.94%     97.06% |          29      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          986                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76698      7.07%      7.07% |       33082      3.05%     10.12% |       32375      2.98%     13.10% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.86% |       33635      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33980      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35239      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084798                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.36%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           3      2.36%     12.60% |           3      2.36%     14.96% |           5      3.94%     18.90% |           5      3.94%     22.83% |           3      2.36%     25.20% |           4      3.15%     28.35% |           1      0.79%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           2      1.57%     33.07% |           2      1.57%     34.65% |           2      1.57%     36.22% |           4      3.15%     39.37% |           5      3.94%     43.31% |           3      2.36%     45.67% |           2      1.57%     47.24% |           2      1.57%     48.82% |           3      2.36%     51.18% |           3      2.36%     53.54% |           4      3.15%     56.69% |           4      3.15%     59.84% |           7      5.51%     65.35% |           5      3.94%     69.29% |           3      2.36%     71.65% |           4      3.15%     74.80% |           4      3.15%     77.95% |           6      4.72%     82.68% |           5      3.94%     86.61% |           7      5.51%     92.13% |          10      7.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         136      6.44%      6.44% |          71      3.36%      9.81% |          73      3.46%     13.26% |          67      3.17%     16.44% |          74      3.51%     19.94% |          81      3.84%     23.78% |          51      2.42%     26.20% |          59      2.79%     28.99% |          84      3.98%     32.97% |          63      2.98%     35.95% |          86      4.07%     40.03% |          63      2.98%     43.01% |          60      2.84%     45.86% |          64      3.03%     48.89% |          63      2.98%     51.87% |          54      2.56%     54.43% |          62      2.94%     57.37% |          68      3.22%     60.59% |          57      2.70%     63.29% |          56      2.65%     65.94% |          62      2.94%     68.88% |          56      2.65%     71.53% |          58      2.75%     74.28% |          57      2.70%     76.98% |          58      2.75%     79.73% |          60      2.84%     82.57% |          52      2.46%     85.03% |          58      2.75%     87.78% |          54      2.56%     90.34% |          56      2.65%     92.99% |          59      2.79%     95.78% |          89      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2111                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     25.81%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           8     25.81%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |          10     32.26%     83.87% |           3      9.68%     93.55% |           2      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           7     70.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28863      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26112      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26032      3.12%     15.93% |       26004      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       26000      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26024      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26022      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26017      3.11%     59.54% |       25972      3.11%     62.65% |       25992      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25975      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25985      3.11%     96.89% |       26025      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835547                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.37%      3.37% |           3      3.37%      6.74% |           2      2.25%      8.99% |           2      2.25%     11.24% |           2      2.25%     13.48% |           4      4.49%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |           3      3.37%     24.72% |           3      3.37%     28.09% |           1      1.12%     29.21% |           2      2.25%     31.46% |           1      1.12%     32.58% |           1      1.12%     33.71% |           2      2.25%     35.96% |           3      3.37%     39.33% |           5      5.62%     44.94% |           3      3.37%     48.31% |           2      2.25%     50.56% |           1      1.12%     51.69% |           3      3.37%     55.06% |           3      3.37%     58.43% |           2      2.25%     60.67% |           3      3.37%     64.04% |           5      5.62%     69.66% |           4      4.49%     74.16% |           2      2.25%     76.40% |           2      2.25%     78.65% |           2      2.25%     80.90% |           3      3.37%     84.27% |           2      2.25%     86.52% |           2      2.25%     88.76% |          10     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     44.44%     44.44% |           5     55.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     90.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      2.43%      2.43% |           5      2.43%      4.85% |          12      5.83%     10.68% |          14      6.80%     17.48% |          25     12.14%     29.61% |          22     10.68%     40.29% |           1      0.49%     40.78% |           7      3.40%     44.17% |          10      4.85%     49.03% |           5      2.43%     51.46% |           8      3.88%     55.34% |           3      1.46%     56.80% |           4      1.94%     58.74% |           1      0.49%     59.22% |           2      0.97%     60.19% |           1      0.49%     60.68% |           2      0.97%     61.65% |           6      2.91%     64.56% |           6      2.91%     67.48% |           4      1.94%     69.42% |           2      0.97%     70.39% |           6      2.91%     73.30% |           2      0.97%     74.27% |           2      0.97%     75.24% |           4      1.94%     77.18% |           7      3.40%     80.58% |           7      3.40%     83.98% |           8      3.88%     87.86% |           6      2.91%     90.78% |           6      2.91%     93.69% |          11      5.34%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         131      6.88%      6.88% |          66      3.46%     10.34% |          61      3.20%     13.54% |          53      2.78%     16.33% |          49      2.57%     18.90% |          59      3.10%     21.99% |          50      2.62%     24.62% |          52      2.73%     27.35% |          74      3.88%     31.23% |          58      3.04%     34.28% |          78      4.09%     38.37% |          60      3.15%     41.52% |          56      2.94%     44.46% |          63      3.31%     47.77% |          61      3.20%     50.97% |          53      2.78%     53.75% |          60      3.15%     56.90% |          62      3.25%     60.16% |          51      2.68%     62.83% |          52      2.73%     65.56% |          60      3.15%     68.71% |          50      2.62%     71.34% |          56      2.94%     74.28% |          55      2.89%     77.17% |          54      2.83%     80.00% |          53      2.78%     82.78% |          45      2.36%     85.14% |          50      2.62%     87.77% |          48      2.52%     90.29% |          50      2.62%     92.91% |          48      2.52%     95.43% |          87      4.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         469     78.56%     78.56% |          23      3.85%     82.41% |          21      3.52%     85.93% |          21      3.52%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |          21      3.52%     92.96% |          21      3.52%     96.48% |          21      3.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          597                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         900      6.46%      6.46% |         387      2.78%      9.23% |         411      2.95%     12.18% |         402      2.88%     15.06% |         421      3.02%     18.08% |         400      2.87%     20.95% |         401      2.88%     23.83% |         417      2.99%     26.82% |         403      2.89%     29.71% |         410      2.94%     32.65% |         430      3.08%     35.74% |         429      3.08%     38.82% |         455      3.26%     42.08% |         446      3.20%     45.28% |         427      3.06%     48.34% |         434      3.11%     51.46% |         442      3.17%     54.63% |         449      3.22%     57.85% |         423      3.03%     60.88% |         399      2.86%     63.74% |         402      2.88%     66.63% |         422      3.03%     69.66% |         401      2.88%     72.53% |         408      2.93%     75.46% |         438      3.14%     78.60% |         439      3.15%     81.75% |         441      3.16%     84.91% |         420      3.01%     87.93% |         412      2.96%     90.88% |         434      3.11%     94.00% |         424      3.04%     97.04% |         413      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13940                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23440      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20782      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20687      3.11%     16.00% |       20687      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20671      3.11%     37.81% |       20680      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20662      3.11%     62.69% |       20670      3.11%     65.80% |       20650      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20635      3.10%     87.56% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20626      3.10%     96.88% |       20703      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664574                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     50.00%     50.00% |           6     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         438      3.23%      3.23% |         386      2.85%      6.08% |         413      3.05%      9.13% |         404      2.98%     12.12% |         422      3.12%     15.23% |         398      2.94%     18.17% |         400      2.95%     21.13% |         419      3.09%     24.22% |         407      3.01%     27.23% |         414      3.06%     30.28% |         430      3.18%     33.46% |         428      3.16%     36.62% |         460      3.40%     40.02% |         449      3.32%     43.33% |         430      3.18%     46.51% |         439      3.24%     49.75% |         444      3.28%     53.03% |         450      3.32%     56.35% |         421      3.11%     59.46% |         397      2.93%     62.39% |         403      2.98%     65.37% |         426      3.15%     68.51% |         406      3.00%     71.51% |         413      3.05%     74.56% |         441      3.26%     77.82% |         443      3.27%     81.09% |         445      3.29%     84.37% |         421      3.11%     87.48% |         415      3.06%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5947      3.13%     15.66% |        5943      3.12%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.90% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         213     81.30%     81.30% |           6      2.29%     83.59% |           3      1.15%     84.73% |           6      2.29%     87.02% |           0      0.00%     87.02% |           1      0.38%     87.40% |           1      0.38%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |           1      0.38%     88.17% |           0      0.00%     88.17% |           0      0.00%     88.17% |           5      1.91%     90.08% |           0      0.00%     90.08% |           2      0.76%     90.84% |           1      0.38%     91.22% |           0      0.00%     91.22% |           0      0.00%     91.22% |          10      3.82%     95.04% |           2      0.76%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           1      0.38%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           2      0.76%     96.95% |           1      0.38%     97.33% |           4      1.53%     98.85% |           1      0.38%     99.24% |           1      0.38%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          262                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           5     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77647      7.09%      7.09% |       33388      3.05%     10.14% |       32686      2.99%     13.13% |       32854      3.00%     16.13% |       33106      3.02%     19.15% |       32033      2.93%     22.07% |       31957      2.92%     24.99% |       31675      2.89%     27.89% |       33954      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34303      3.13%     37.07% |       33124      3.03%     40.10% |       32694      2.99%     43.09% |       31745      2.90%     45.98% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34276      3.13%     54.91% |       32115      2.93%     57.84% |       32966      3.01%     60.85% |       32541      2.97%     63.82% |       33033      3.02%     66.84% |       32475      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33647      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31818      2.91%     87.68% |       33166      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34282      3.13%     96.75% |       35573      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094978                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           5     26.32%     57.89% |           4     21.05%     78.95% |           4     21.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         177      7.65%      7.65% |          70      3.02%     10.67% |          69      2.98%     13.65% |          63      2.72%     16.37% |          69      2.98%     19.35% |          69      2.98%     22.33% |          69      2.98%     25.31% |          69      2.98%     28.29% |          69      2.98%     31.27% |          69      2.98%     34.25% |          68      2.94%     37.19% |          66      2.85%     40.04% |          73      3.15%     43.20% |          69      2.98%     46.18% |          69      2.98%     49.16% |          69      2.98%     52.14% |          69      2.98%     55.12% |          69      2.98%     58.10% |          70      3.02%     61.12% |          70      3.02%     64.15% |          69      2.98%     67.13% |          69      2.98%     70.11% |          71      3.07%     73.17% |          69      2.98%     76.16% |          69      2.98%     79.14% |          69      2.98%     82.12% |          69      2.98%     85.10% |          69      2.98%     88.08% |          69      2.98%     91.06% |          69      2.98%     94.04% |          69      2.98%     97.02% |          69      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2315                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         603     96.33%     96.33% |           4      0.64%     96.96% |           3      0.48%     97.44% |           3      0.48%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      0.16%     98.08% |           0      0.00%     98.08% |           1      0.16%     98.24% |           4      0.64%     98.88% |           4      0.64%     99.52% |           3      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          626                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           6     42.86%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           3     21.43%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           6     42.86%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           3     21.43%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         780     26.52%     26.52% |          74      2.52%     29.04% |          72      2.45%     31.49% |          66      2.24%     33.73% |          69      2.35%     36.08% |          69      2.35%     38.42% |          69      2.35%     40.77% |          69      2.35%     43.11% |          69      2.35%     45.46% |          69      2.35%     47.81% |          68      2.31%     50.12% |          66      2.24%     52.36% |          73      2.48%     54.85% |          69      2.35%     57.19% |          70      2.38%     59.57% |          69      2.35%     61.92% |          70      2.38%     64.30% |          73      2.48%     66.78% |          74      2.52%     69.30% |          73      2.48%     71.78% |          69      2.35%     74.12% |          69      2.35%     76.47% |          71      2.41%     78.88% |          69      2.35%     81.23% |          69      2.35%     83.58% |          69      2.35%     85.92% |          69      2.35%     88.27% |          69      2.35%     90.62% |          69      2.35%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.31% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2941                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76172      4.27%      4.27% |      891746     50.00%     54.27% |      108144      6.06%     60.33% |      102810      5.76%     66.10% |      101191      5.67%     71.77% |      102769      5.76%     77.54% |      101576      5.70%     83.23% |      103420      5.80%     89.03% |       97175      5.45%     94.48% |       98489      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1783492                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76172      4.27%      4.27% |      891746     50.00%     54.27% |      108144      6.06%     60.33% |      102810      5.76%     66.10% |      101191      5.67%     71.77% |      102769      5.76%     77.54% |      101576      5.70%     83.23% |      103420      5.80%     89.03% |       97175      5.45%     94.48% |       98489      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1783492                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76172      4.27%      4.27% |      891746     50.00%     54.27% |      108144      6.06%     60.33% |      102810      5.76%     66.10% |      101191      5.67%     71.77% |      102769      5.76%     77.54% |      101576      5.70%     83.23% |      103420      5.80%     89.03% |       97175      5.45%     94.48% |       98489      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1783492                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76172      4.27%      4.27% |      891746     50.00%     54.27% |      108144      6.06%     60.33% |      102810      5.76%     66.10% |      101191      5.67%     71.77% |      102769      5.76%     77.54% |      101576      5.70%     83.23% |      103420      5.80%     89.03% |       97175      5.45%     94.48% |       98489      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1783492                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
