
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056843                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56843196000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5233011274500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  28533                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    50594                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               71577921                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3686372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   794.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22659233                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40178792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12581632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12581632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8007104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8007104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       196588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             196588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    221339279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            221339279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    140863016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           140863016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    362202294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           362202294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     196588                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125111                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   196588                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125111                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12580288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8006848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12581632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8007104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            11937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             7984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    97978                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     7973                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56842690000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               196588                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125111                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  69827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                100457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  17881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  18457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  18895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  19527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  15707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       106555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   193.195852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   143.529444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.564249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40319     37.84%     37.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31669     29.72%     67.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23230     21.80%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4932      4.63%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3324      3.12%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1048      0.98%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          628      0.59%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          458      0.43%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          947      0.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       106555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.236024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.062147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17486     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.151423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.481068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.612860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12607     72.06%     72.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1909     10.91%     82.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1995     11.40%     94.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          983      5.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 37546935684                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            41232566934                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 982835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   191013.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              209763.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      221.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      140.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   221.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   140.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.68                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  142845                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  72262                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               57.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    176695.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   66.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11627434750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1898000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43314902250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              406191240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              399304080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              221632125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              217874250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             766092600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             767005200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            404650080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            405978480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3712488000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3712488000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22385332980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21863677815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14467674000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14925266250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42364061025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42291594075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          745.322779                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          744.047847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12334784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12334784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7782272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7782272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       192731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             192731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       121598                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            121598                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    216996666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            216996666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    136907714                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           136907714                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    353904379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           353904379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     192731                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    121598                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   192731                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  121598                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12333376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7782208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12334784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7782272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            12006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           11954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    94763                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     7709                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56842412000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               192731                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              121598                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  68689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 97111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  17196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  17795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  18381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   7985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  15268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        99521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.118226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.133879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.423493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        34222     34.39%     34.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30461     30.61%     64.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23377     23.49%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5014      5.04%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3332      3.35%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1065      1.07%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          656      0.66%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          427      0.43%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          967      0.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        99521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.384652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.417109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16920     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        16927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.183612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.500402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.648322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12084     71.39%     71.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1924     11.37%     82.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1903     11.24%     94.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1016      6.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        16927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 36346821148                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            39960114898                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 963545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   188609.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              207359.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      216.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      136.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   217.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   136.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.66                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  141520                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  73258                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180837.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11892674750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1898000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    43049224000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              380071440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              372239280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              207380250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              203106750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             751810800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             751202400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            393692400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            394191360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3712488000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3712488000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22162012110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21603343140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14663569500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15153630000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42271024500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42190200930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          743.685961                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          742.264009                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12337856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12337856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7781696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7781696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       192779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             192779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       121589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            121589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    217050709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            217050709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    136897580                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           136897580                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    353948290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           353948290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     192779                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    121589                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   192779                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  121589                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12336512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7781696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12337856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7781696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           11948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    94256                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     7642                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56843072000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               192779                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              121589                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  68765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   2359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 96579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  17226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  17775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  18424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  15105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        99140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.920153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.818701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.512780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        33858     34.15%     34.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30382     30.65%     64.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23474     23.68%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4900      4.94%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3489      3.52%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          989      1.00%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          646      0.65%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          443      0.45%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          959      0.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        99140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16932                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.384243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.488349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16927     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        16932                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.181018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.497873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.644259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12107     71.50%     71.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1892     11.17%     82.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1946     11.49%     94.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          987      5.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        16932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 36208616618                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            39822829118                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 963790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   187844.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              206594.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      217.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      136.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   217.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   136.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.66                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  141672                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  73529                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               60.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180816.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11875113500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1898000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    43066919500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              377667360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              371740320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              206068500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              202834500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             752263200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             751124400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            393549840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            394282080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3712488000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3712488000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21912641100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21410629560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14882316000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15322677000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42236994000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42165775860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          743.087253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          741.834292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12318144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12318144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7780096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7780096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       192471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             192471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       121564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            121564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    216703931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            216703931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    136869433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           136869433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    353573363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           353573363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     192471                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    121564                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   192471                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  121564                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12316800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7780096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12318144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7780096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           11944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    94237                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     8189                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56842173500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               192471                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              121564                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  68458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   2512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 96793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  17213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  17811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  18287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  18983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   7892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  15727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        98542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.937245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   152.844982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.651538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        33151     33.64%     33.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30696     31.15%     64.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23297     23.64%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4919      4.99%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3422      3.47%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          993      1.01%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          665      0.67%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          444      0.45%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          955      0.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        98542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.360685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.171688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16933     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        16940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.176151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.493983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.647351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12098     71.42%     71.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1938     11.44%     82.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1871     11.04%     93.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1033      6.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        16940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 36278332141                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            39886769641                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 962250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   188507.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              207257.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      216.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      136.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   216.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   136.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.66                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  141648                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  73819                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               60.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    181005.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11622018250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1898000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43320161750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              375384240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              369525240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              204822750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              201625875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             750180600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             750828000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            393355440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            394314480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3712488000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3712488000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21895213635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21176483535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14897603250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15528068250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42229047915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          42133333380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.947455                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          741.263523                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size               1024                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket               10239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                6982763                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 49.269564                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                29.579507                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               106.179777                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6971517     99.84%     99.84% |       10994      0.16%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  6982763                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15863509                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.514560                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.706467                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.425184                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14445626     91.06%     91.06% |      931197      5.87%     96.93% |       36861      0.23%     97.16% |       32900      0.21%     97.37% |       36845      0.23%     97.60% |       41720      0.26%     97.87% |       59588      0.38%     98.24% |      136395      0.86%     99.10% |      142377      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15863509                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15863508                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              85.291093                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.274442                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            526.777456                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15620823     98.47%     98.47% |      155835      0.98%     99.45% |       66448      0.42%     99.87% |       17310      0.11%     99.98% |        2929      0.02%    100.00% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15863508                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14694613                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000396                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000339                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020489                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14688953     99.96%     99.96% |        5526      0.04%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14694613                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1168895                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1119.797998                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       365.774691                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1615.749943                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      926210     79.24%     79.24% |      155835     13.33%     92.57% |       66448      5.68%     98.25% |       17310      1.48%     99.74% |        2929      0.25%     99.99% |         156      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1168895                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         117036                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       117036                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          650                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          721                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          698                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          717                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10949366                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       510572                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11459938                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3732163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124083                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3856246                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       264244                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22326                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       112230                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1528852                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47690                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        18668                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         4718                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          483                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        21577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22060                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         5446                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          344                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17318                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         4549                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        21609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22060                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         5412                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22573                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         5705                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          239                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         4226                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         4305                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16770                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         4336                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          555                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17619                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        18174                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         4547                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          444                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         4264                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          405                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         4270                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          453                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         4264                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          495                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        18567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19062                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         4827                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          440                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         4281                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17718                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        18175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         4650                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          444                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         4295                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits          543                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        18521                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles         4698                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits          445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17727                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        18172                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles         4601                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits          436                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles         4309                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits          440                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles         4312                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits          526                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        18536                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19062                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles         4712                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits          462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16641                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles         4333                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits          464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16639                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles         4300                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits          354                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16750                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles         4297                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits          452                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles         4179                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits          431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16672                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles         4329                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits          477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16627                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles         4296                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits          424                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles         4289                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits          517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        21544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22061                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles         5380                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits          171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        18605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        18776                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles         5077                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27940                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81125                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24133                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36390                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12131                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10350                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24092                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34442                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9726                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        33845                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24082                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34394                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9151                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24101                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9676                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24029                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35424                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24082                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10342                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34438                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10696                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        34783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24140                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        32764                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10849                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24055                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        34904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40465                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24060                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34335                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34635                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10538                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24140                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10037                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34144                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24043                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35233                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24090                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13010                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24075                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11564                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35663                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        14887                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24060                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        38947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18223                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24059                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42282                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24041                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33074                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9494                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24019                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33513                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8669                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24066                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32735                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9640                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24080                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33720                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10767                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24131                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        34898                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8956910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8956910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9116853                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8956910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3844717                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3834326                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8956910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078786                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4148527                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4148527                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4282939                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4148527                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2076977                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2060363                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4148527                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.036491                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3239818                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3239818                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3351195                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3239818                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1263191                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1255534                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3239818                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.028498                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      2852180                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      2852180                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2959817                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2852180                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1157347                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1150940                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      2852180                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.025088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3507433                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3507433                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3648127                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3507433                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1637482                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1625117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3507433                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.030852                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3790842                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3790842                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4013505                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3790842                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1783642                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1759554                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3790842                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.033345                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4372122                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4372122                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4525459                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4372122                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1672846                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1658262                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4372122                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.038458                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3105742                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3105742                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3234347                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3105742                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1298501                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1287602                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3105742                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.027319                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1873816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1873816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1932156                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1873816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       791423                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785444                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1873816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.016482                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2284014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2284014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2362376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2284014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1063093                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1054822                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2284014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.020090                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2165506                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2165506                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2256643                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2165506                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       923349                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       914630                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2165506                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.019048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1983050                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1983050                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2046067                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1983050                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       803767                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       797246                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1983050                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.017443                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2505583                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2505583                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2587367                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2505583                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1126182                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1117415                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2505583                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.022039                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2264685                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2264685                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2354622                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2264685                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       944516                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       934753                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2264685                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.019920                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1412207                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1412207                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1467059                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1412207                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       616366                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       609291                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1412207                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.012422                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2005279                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2005279                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2095404                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2005279                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       877146                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       867355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2005279                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.017639                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2524415                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2524415                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2616261                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2524415                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1043069                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1033143                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2524415                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.022205                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2115560                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2115560                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2207232                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2115560                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       922928                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       913796                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2115560                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.018609                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2146457                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2146457                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2260696                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2146457                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       941980                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       928153                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2146457                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018881                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1425882                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1425882                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1480793                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1425882                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       622749                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       614526                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1425882                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.012542                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1124633                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1124633                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1143654                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1124633                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       500869                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       498969                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1124633                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.009892                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1460936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1460936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1499303                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1460936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       674766                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       671412                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1460936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012851                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1375919                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1375919                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1422499                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1375919                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       605193                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       601275                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1375919                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.012103                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       924400                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       924400                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       946060                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       924400                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       400639                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398640                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       924400                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008131                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1069318                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1069318                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1090931                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1069318                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       448812                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       446622                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1069318                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.009406                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1383615                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1383615                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1421179                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1383615                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       630662                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627575                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1383615                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012170                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1344568                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1344568                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1389047                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1344568                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       583244                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       579872                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1344568                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011827                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       927851                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       927851                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       945941                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       927851                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       400896                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398899                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       927851                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008161                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3837181                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3837181                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4177689                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3837181                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1563678                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1547473                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3837181                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.033752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3987949                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3987949                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4273373                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3987949                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1620358                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1608249                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3987949                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.035079                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      4135981                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      4135981                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4547154                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4135981                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1710503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1686721                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      4135981                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.036381                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4347646                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4347646                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4731075                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4347646                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1802955                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1780514                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4347646                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.038242                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5652419     26.94%     26.94% |    14229838     67.82%     94.76% |     1100244      5.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     20982501                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5652420     26.94%     26.94% |    14229838     67.82%     94.76% |     1100244      5.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     20982502                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   211354717                       |   369114297                       |    26708079                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   332938161                       |    62434031                       |     1100251                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.391905                       |   25.939459                       |   24.274687                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   58.901890                       |    4.387543                       |    1.000006                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.937308                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    18.895385                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         47.832693                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003015                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.064609      6.96%      6.96% |    0.064476      6.94%     13.90% |    0.063405      6.83%     20.73% |    0.063308      6.82%     27.54% |    0.157248     16.93%     44.47% |    0.153490     16.53%     61.00% |    0.157077     16.91%     77.92% |    0.153273     16.50%     94.42% |    0.012955      1.39%     95.81% |    0.012960      1.40%     97.21% |    0.012961      1.40%     98.60% |    0.012957      1.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.928717                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.023255                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027580                       |    0.000001                       |    0.000784                       |    0.000897                       |    0.000738                       |    0.000896                       |    0.000941                       |    0.000706                       |    0.000698                       |    0.000703                       |    0.000743                       |    0.000700                       |    0.000699                       |    0.000702                       |    0.000782                       |    0.000699                       |    0.000745                       |    0.000700                       |    0.000780                       |    0.000747                       |    0.000699                       |    0.000700                       |    0.000779                       |    0.000698                       |    0.000698                       |    0.000704                       |    0.000700                       |    0.000699                       |    0.000700                       |    0.000702                       |    0.000895                       |    0.000808                       |    0.005340                       |    0.002811                       |    0.002622                       |    0.002773                       |    0.002635                       |    0.002654                       |    0.002610                       |    0.002621                       |    0.002671                       |    0.002721                       |    0.002806                       |    0.002708                       |    0.002679                       |    0.002700                       |    0.002644                       |    0.002668                       |    0.002759                       |    0.002692                       |    0.002708                       |    0.002729                       |    0.002738                       |    0.003027                       |    0.002713                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002697                       |    0.002741                       |    0.002810                       |    0.002834                       |    0.002933                       |    0.003115                       |    0.010361                       |    0.010155                       |    0.010157                       |    0.010141                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000571                       |    0.001602                       |    0.000037                       |    0.000045                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000045                       |    0.000043                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000031                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000031                       |    0.000031                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000031                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000039                       |    0.000037                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002793                       |    0.000217                       |           0                       |    0.000031                       |    0.003485                       |    0.002491                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002717                       |    0.000031                       |    0.004064                       |    0.006281                       |    0.002514                       |    0.000874                       |    0.002865                       |    0.007635                       |    0.000033                       |    0.007638                       |    0.011189                       |    0.003519                       |    0.000981                       |    0.002669                       |    0.000037                       |    0.007572                       |    0.005944                       |    0.011295                       |    0.001135                       |    0.002819                       |    0.000045                       |    0.010607                       |    0.006688                       |    0.003794                       |    0.000876                       |    0.002852                       |    0.007443                       |    0.000034                       |    0.011899                       |    0.007495                       |    0.004480                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002748                       |    0.000033                       |    0.006100                       |    0.003938                       |    0.003749                       |    0.000874                       |    0.002776                       |    0.000032                       |    0.003254                       |    0.002470                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002995                       |    0.000031                       |    0.002145                       |    0.003557                       |    0.003246                       |    0.000881                       |    0.002714                       |    0.000032                       |    0.001959                       |    0.004861                       |    0.006411                       |    0.003231                       |    0.000911                       |    0.002677                       |    0.000035                       |    0.005996                       |    0.008929                       |    0.007863                       |    0.004441                       |    0.032504                       |    0.004526                       |    0.000571                       |    0.003258                       |    0.014937                       |    0.018422                       |    0.004568                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002843                       |    0.001602                       |    0.003531                       |    0.008593                       |    0.015580                       |    0.004340                       |    0.001136                       |    0.002681                       |    0.000045                       |    0.008566                       |    0.006728                       |    0.008723                       |    0.005466                       |    0.000877                       |    0.002730                       |    0.000034                       |    0.003253                       |    0.006079                       |    0.004606                       |    0.004461                       |    0.000880                       |    0.002771                       |    0.000033                       |    0.002018                       |    0.003260                       |    0.003208                       |    0.000974                       |    0.002775                       |    0.000033                       |    0.001740                       |    0.003316                       |    0.003265                       |    0.000926                       |    0.002805                       |    0.000032                       |    0.001635                       |    0.004100                       |    0.006272                       |    0.003279                       |    0.001133                       |    0.002952                       |    0.007443                       |    0.000039                       |    0.002577                       |    0.007704                       |    0.011314                       |    0.003219                       |    0.001187                       |    0.002657                       |    0.000043                       |    0.017544                       |    0.007591                       |    0.006090                       |    0.003344                       |    0.000886                       |    0.002684                       |    0.000036                       |    0.003133                       |    0.010659                       |    0.006688                       |    0.003231                       |    0.000978                       |    0.003048                       |    0.007437                       |    0.000037                       |    0.003611                       |    0.012211                       |    0.007587                       |    0.003334                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002724                       |    0.000033                       |    0.002896                       |    0.006074                       |    0.003984                       |    0.003335                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002773                       |    0.000032                       |    0.001635                       |    0.003233                       |    0.003279                       |    0.000874                       |    0.002764                       |    0.000030                       |    0.001232                       |    0.003232                       |    0.000976                       |    0.002696                       |    0.000033                       |    0.001216                       |    0.001434                       |    0.006068                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002714                       |    0.000032                       |    0.004053                       |    0.002453                       |    0.007512                       |    0.000931                       |    0.002798                       |    0.000033                       |    0.008321                       |    0.004953                       |    0.005169                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002724                       |    0.000035                       |    0.001313                       |    0.007812                       |    0.005850                       |    0.000974                       |    0.002752                       |    0.000034                       |    0.005914                       |    0.006781                       |    0.002425                       |    0.000931                       |    0.002788                       |    0.000033                       |    0.001204                       |    0.006175                       |    0.001411                       |    0.000876                       |    0.002776                       |    0.000031                       |    0.001206                       |    0.003273                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.928717                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5034369                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5034369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3442587                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2816541                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.814664                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          351914                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9667763                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55035                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7849776                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103630                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9722798                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7953406                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17517539                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158665                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17676204                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3863293                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3872746                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3863293                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3872746                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                110125349                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14584853                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29447185                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5034369                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3168455                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90471058                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       165358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       238395                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320176                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3862660                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154067                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106266800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.509762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         96064965     90.40%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1549634      1.46%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           827893      0.78%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           760153      0.72%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           818524      0.77%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           861965      0.81%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           736840      0.69%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494645      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4152181      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106266800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045715                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9285455                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89216989                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4708911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2712261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343177                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50500100                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343177                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10422870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51738873                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7425550                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6171517                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30164806                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49159554                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2073296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413482                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51433645                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121074067                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75322191                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40996771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10436859                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18506436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4925858                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8115916                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       629663                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       468759                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47917004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       276583                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50627171                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215497                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12493882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67860                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106266800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85992532     80.92%     80.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7485844      7.04%     87.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5391218      5.07%     93.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2398386      2.26%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2048298      1.93%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1511336      1.42%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878507      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342613      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218066      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106266800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106618     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680084     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90842     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235514      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32505571     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9814329     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7988677     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50627171                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.459723                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017333                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208614099                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55983144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44537286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51269158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       815234                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175274                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2685                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7740                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512524                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5765268                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343177                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4683297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44961557                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48193587                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4925858                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8115916                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       267486                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          71298                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816740                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7740                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134147                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224886                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359033                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50114055                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9661938                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       354984                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17521127                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3820920                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7859189                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.455064                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44617304                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44537320                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24852315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40346673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.404424                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.615969                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005451                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       208723                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104990072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.197775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89313884     85.07%     85.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5565420      5.30%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5131013      4.89%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1971179      1.88%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       971104      0.92%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       332162      0.32%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219233      0.21%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311434      0.30%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1174643      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104990072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22659232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40178789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11353971                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3750580                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3447075                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39829395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       275011                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28633057     71.26%     71.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3750580      9.33%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7603391     18.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40178789                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1174643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151911451                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97650568                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84764                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3858549                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22659232                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40178789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.860065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.860065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.205759                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.205759                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78131975                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32541953                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19136320                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12900075                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25740697                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1564275500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1564275499.999998                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size         1024                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket        10239                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3196897                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        74.316314                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       35.779041                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      152.237849                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3185651     99.65%     99.65% |       10994      0.34%     99.99% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3196897                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3728478                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        28.145912                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.206505                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       15.761450                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3718920     99.74%     99.74% |        7584      0.20%     99.95% |        1568      0.04%     99.99% |         298      0.01%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3728478                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         57388                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.393549                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.070997                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.851782                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        1709      2.98%      2.98% |        6055     10.55%     13.53% |       19310     33.65%     47.18% |       11221     19.55%     66.73% |       11846     20.64%     87.37% |        4983      8.68%     96.05% |        1839      3.20%     99.26% |         376      0.66%     99.91% |          44      0.08%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           57388                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3987337                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          143.659296                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.333109                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         629.933714                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3877063     97.23%     97.23% |       85166      2.14%     99.37% |       21587      0.54%     99.91% |        2741      0.07%     99.98% |         743      0.02%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3987337                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3529094                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001154                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000989                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.035057                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3525137     99.89%     99.89% |        3855      0.11%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3529094                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       458243                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1226.918183                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    446.820255                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1458.433262                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      347969     75.94%     75.94% |       85166     18.59%     94.52% |       21587      4.71%     99.23% |        2741      0.60%     99.83% |         743      0.16%     99.99% |          36      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        458243                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7851518                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           96.375203                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.330900                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         594.813518                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7719137     98.31%     98.31% |       70649      0.90%     99.21% |       44853      0.57%     99.79% |       14568      0.19%     99.97% |        2185      0.03%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7851518                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7277140                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000226                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000194                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015417                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7275536     99.98%     99.98% |        1572      0.02%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7277140                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574378                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1279.398899                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    453.396687                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1823.826404                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      441997     76.95%     76.95% |       70649     12.30%     89.25% |       44853      7.81%     97.06% |       14568      2.54%     99.60% |        2185      0.38%     99.98% |         120      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574378                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3856245                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.671639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.327662                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      21.490902                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3856194    100.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3856245                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3732163                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3732156    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3732163                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124082                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.029658                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.195540                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    87.645315                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      124031     99.96%     99.96% |          21      0.02%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124082                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167088                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.747684                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.804932                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.511474                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      164770     98.61%     98.61% |        1781      1.07%     99.68% |         464      0.28%     99.96% |          39      0.02%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          17      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167088                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154930                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154838     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154930                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.726189                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.489332                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    75.328925                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        9840     80.93%     80.93% |        1781     14.65%     95.58% |         464      3.82%     99.40% |          39      0.32%     99.72% |          15      0.12%     99.84% |          17      0.14%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         7950                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      2289238                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        56921                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     1111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     2074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     5261                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                     8730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     1103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     2068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     3557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    13024                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     1607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     2075                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    3562                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                    8663                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    1096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    2062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    3530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   13090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    1107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    2976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                    3588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   13104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    1096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    2066                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    3581                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                    8694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    1103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    2068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                    3552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    1095                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    2044                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                    3522                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                    8702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    1101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                    2927                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    3632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                    8721                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                    1105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    2063                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                    3588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    8699                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                    1103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                    2063                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    3555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                    8665                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                    1093                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                    2069                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                    3551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                    8695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                    1106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    2087                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                    5219                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                    8701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                    1114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                    2068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                    3573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                    8679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                    1110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    3006                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                    3563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                    8670                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                    1092                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                    2074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                    3538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                    8667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_hits                    1109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_hits                    2075                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_hits                    5338                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_hits                    8735                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_hits                    1122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_hits                    2998                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_hits                    3571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_hits                    8686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_hits                    1108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_hits                    2064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_hits                    3555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_hits                    8670                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_hits                    1097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_hits                    2057                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_hits                    3558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_hits                    8685                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_hits                    1115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_hits                    2069                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_hits                    5353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_hits                    8720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_hits                    1113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_hits                    2065                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_hits                    3546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_hits                    8662                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_hits                    1097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_hits                    2065                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_hits                    3573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_hits                    8679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_hits                    1088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_hits                    2050                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_hits                    3545                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_hits                    8704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_hits                    1110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_hits                    2074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_hits                    3606                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_hits                    8695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_hits                   1103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_hits                   2072                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_hits                   3566                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_hits                   8686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_hits                   1101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_hits                   2067                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_hits                   3546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_hits                   8683                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_hits                   1098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_hits                   2058                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_hits                   3528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_hits                   8690                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_hits                   1090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_hits                   2078                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_hits                   3612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_hits                  13150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_hits                   2661                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_hits                   2074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_hits                   3535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_hits                   8697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                     41                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    651                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   1222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  1822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                    44                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  1808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  1258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                   108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  1273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                   430                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  1250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                    51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                  1231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                    47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                  1253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                   113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                   397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                  1287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                    59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                   107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                   401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                  1257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                    46                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                    89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                   693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                  1251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                    38                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                   108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                   379                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                  1273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                    42                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                   242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                   389                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                  1282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                    60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                   102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                   414                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                  1285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_misses                    43                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_misses                   101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_misses                   574                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_misses                  1217                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_misses                    30                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_misses                   250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_misses                   381                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_misses                  1266                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_misses                    44                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_misses                   112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_misses                   397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_misses                  1282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_misses                    55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_misses                   119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_misses                   394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_misses                  1267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_misses                    37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_misses                   107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_misses                   559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_misses                  1232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_misses                    39                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_misses                   111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_misses                   406                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_misses                  1290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_misses                    55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_misses                   111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_misses                   379                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_misses                  1273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_misses                    64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_misses                   126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_misses                   407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_misses                  1248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_misses                    42                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_misses                   102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_misses                   346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_misses                  1257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_misses                   49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_misses                  104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_misses                  386                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_misses                 1266                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_misses                   51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_misses                  109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_misses                  406                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_misses                 1269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_misses                   54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_misses                  118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_misses                  424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_misses                 1262                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_misses                   62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_misses                   98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_misses                  340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_misses                 1762                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_misses                  171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_misses                  102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_misses                  417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_misses                 1255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      714                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     2428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     3779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                      680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                      704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     1547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     5702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     1154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      753                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    1549                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    3889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                     736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    1591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    5679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                     689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    1273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    1530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    5668                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                     696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    1503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    3788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                     716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                     716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    1634                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    3861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                     709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                     800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    1602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    3833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                     702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                    1354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                    1530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                    3811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                     682                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                     764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                    1563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                    3838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                     682                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                     745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                    1559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                    3865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                     708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                     715                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                    1531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                    3822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                     735                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                     743                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                    2486                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                    3819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                     701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                     779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                    1570                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                    3825                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                     700                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                    1308                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                    1571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                    3861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                     679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                     738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                    1585                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                    3859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshrhits                     721                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshrhits                     773                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshrhits                    2393                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshrhits                    3759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshrhits                     683                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshrhits                    1282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshrhits                    1522                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshrhits                    3826                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshrhits                     711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshrhits                     775                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshrhits                    1580                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshrhits                    3849                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshrhits                     720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshrhits                     747                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshrhits                    1567                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshrhits                    3854                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshrhits                     707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshrhits                     777                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshrhits                    2375                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshrhits                    3818                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshrhits                     734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshrhits                     793                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshrhits                    1588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshrhits                    3881                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshrhits                     729                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshrhits                     769                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshrhits                    1540                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshrhits                    3848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshrhits                     688                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshrhits                     732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshrhits                    1598                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshrhits                    3810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.mshrhits                     707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.mshrhits                     774                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.mshrhits                    1546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.mshrhits                    3811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.mshrhits                    717                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.mshrhits                    765                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.mshrhits                   1557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.mshrhits                   3829                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.mshrhits                    712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.mshrhits                    734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.mshrhits                   1597                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.mshrhits                   3783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.mshrhits                    687                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.mshrhits                    747                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.mshrhits                   1602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.mshrhits                   3826                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.mshrhits                    776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.mshrhits                    755                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.mshrhits                   1528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.mshrhits                   5671                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.mshrhits                   2059                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.mshrhits                    763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.mshrhits                   1594                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.mshrhits                   3773                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 5912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                 9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                 3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                14912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 1712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               14912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                1151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                3248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               14912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses                3248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses                5912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses                3248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_accesses                5912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_accesses                3248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_accesses                5912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_accesses               1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_accesses               2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_accesses               3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_accesses               9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_accesses               1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_accesses               2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_accesses               3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_accesses               9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_accesses               1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_accesses               2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_accesses               3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_accesses               9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_accesses               1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_accesses               2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_accesses               3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_accesses              14912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_accesses               2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_accesses               2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_accesses               3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_accesses               9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   39914                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139955840887813                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139955841309632                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1002654                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   40423                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30889011                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               370036281                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               370672135                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               369643511                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               369645421                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              370057191                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              370632305                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              369645635                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              369658470                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              370085754                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              370673763                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              369639330                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              369701521                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              370018544                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              370698710                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              369642953                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              369650451                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              370016806                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              370594747                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles              369654109                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles              369666919                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles              370092921                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              370626369                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles              369651918                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles              369672001                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles              370083383                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles              370691632                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              369728132                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles              369779582                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles              370064168                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles              370723941                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles              369729655                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              369745903                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles              370123954                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles              370692775                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles              369726315                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles              369731566                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles              370133435                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles              370714447                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles              369735573                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles              369748648                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles              370149815                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles              370718031                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles              369732384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles              369756178                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles              370225241                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles              370747232                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles              369738268                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles              369761117                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles              370138108                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles              370716740                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles              369788718                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles              369817351                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles              370211981                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles              370784493                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles              369796367                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles              369801737                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles              370209621                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles              370782748                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlbCycles              369791123                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlbCycles              369806965                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlbCycles              370215427                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlbCycles              370770166                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlbCycles              369796568                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlbCycles              369842446                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlbCycles              370217768                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlbCycles              370805090                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlbCycles              369799706                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlbCycles              369813131                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlbCycles              370221467                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlbCycles              370810368                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlbCycles              369806576                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlbCycles              369821646                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlbCycles              370225611                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlbCycles              370802411                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlbCycles              369810659                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlbCycles              369879933                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlbCycles              370290856                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlbCycles              370840361                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlbCycles              369867166                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlbCycles              369897225                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlbCycles              370295897                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlbCycles              370869587                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlbCycles              369861605                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlbCycles              369879001                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlbCycles              370293494                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlbCycles              370863212                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlbCycles              369875306                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlbCycles              369886844                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlbCycles              370300882                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlbCycles              370826893                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlbCycles              369873342                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlbCycles              369890168                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlbCycles              370275921                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlbCycles              370860121                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlbCycles             369875912                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlbCycles             369893769                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlbCycles             370268239                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlbCycles             370867694                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlbCycles             369870338                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlbCycles             369889806                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlbCycles             370364384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlbCycles             370931922                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlbCycles             369931180                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlbCycles             369942415                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlbCycles             370384892                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlbCycles             370900126                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlbCycles             369918106                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlbCycles             369957256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlbCycles             370294312                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlbCycles             370950687                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlbCycles             369957052                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlbCycles             369954573                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlbCycles             370373058                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlbCycles             370906678                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                      48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                      48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    9080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                      72                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   2153                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   1072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   2163                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   9080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   1640                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   9080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   2157                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                   1640                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   2158                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                   2172                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                   3248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                   1640                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                   2173                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_reads                   3248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_reads                   1640                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_reads                   2156                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_reads                   3248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_reads                   2156                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_reads                    48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_reads                  1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_reads                  2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_reads                  6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_reads                    48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_reads                  1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_reads                  2153                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_reads                  6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_reads                    48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_reads                  1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_reads                  2171                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_reads                  6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_reads                    48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_reads                  1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_reads                  2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_reads                  9080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_reads                   120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_reads                  1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_reads                  2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_reads                  6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   2664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   5832                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  1799                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1789                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  5832                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1103                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  1608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  5832                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1795                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  1794                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                  1780                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                  2664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  1608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                  1779                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_writes                  2664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_writes                  1608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_writes                  1796                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_writes                  2664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_writes                  1796                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_writes                 1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_writes                 1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_writes                 1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_writes                 3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_writes                 1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_writes                 1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_writes                 1799                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_writes                 3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_writes                 1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_writes                 1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_writes                 1781                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_writes                 3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_writes                 1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_writes                 1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_writes                 1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_writes                 5832                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_writes                 2712                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_writes                 1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_writes                 1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_writes                 3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                   45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 1044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 2872                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 5331                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                   45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 1045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 1954                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 7887                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                   66                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 1045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                1918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                5260                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                1009                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                1910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                7969                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                1496                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                1965                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                7971                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                1049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                1962                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits                5288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                1038                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                1916                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                5281                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                1917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                5299                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits                1458                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                1993                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                5325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                1044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits                1968                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                5297                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits                1036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                1922                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits                5267                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                1038                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits                1923                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits                5303                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                1048                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                2862                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits                5303                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits                1043                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                1963                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits                5274                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                1506                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits                1944                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits                5272                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits                1046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                1929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits                5275                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readhits                1047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readhits                2929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readhits                5329                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readhits                1504                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readhits                1948                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readhits                5282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readhits                1032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readhits                1921                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readhits                5273                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readhits                1033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readhits                1937                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readhits                5293                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readhits                1048                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readhits                2934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readhits                5328                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readhits                1044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readhits                1940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readhits                5258                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readhits                1033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readhits                1939                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readhits                5272                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readhits                1031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readhits                1918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readhits                5310                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_readhits                1047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_readhits                1993                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_readhits                5295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_readhits                 45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_readhits               1042                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_readhits               1939                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_readhits               5284                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_readhits                 45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_readhits               1033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_readhits               1900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_readhits               5276                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_readhits                 43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_readhits               1038                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_readhits               1921                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_readhits               5298                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_readhits                 45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_readhits               1055                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_readhits               1983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_readhits               8024                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_readhits                115                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_readhits               1055                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_readhits               1922                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_readhits               5294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                  3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 60                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                376                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                733                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                  3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                 59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                222                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                  6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               235                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               804                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                63                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               253                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1111                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               211                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              1109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses                55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               214                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               776                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                66                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               241                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               783                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                68                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               765                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               182                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses               739                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                60                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               767                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses                68                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses               236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses               797                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses                66                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses               249                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses               761                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses                56                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses               386                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses               761                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses                61                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses               213                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses               790                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses               134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses               232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses               792                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses               244                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses               789                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readmisses                57                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readmisses               319                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readmisses               735                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readmisses               136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readmisses               228                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readmisses               782                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readmisses                72                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readmisses               235                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readmisses               791                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readmisses                71                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readmisses               239                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readmisses               771                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readmisses                56                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readmisses               314                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readmisses               736                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readmisses                60                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readmisses               236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readmisses               806                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readmisses                71                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readmisses               217                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readmisses               792                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readmisses                73                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readmisses               258                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readmisses               754                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_readmisses                57                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_readmisses               183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_readmisses               769                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_readmisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_readmisses               62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_readmisses              237                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_readmisses              780                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_readmisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_readmisses               71                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_readmisses              253                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_readmisses              788                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_readmisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_readmisses               66                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_readmisses              250                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_readmisses              766                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_readmisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_readmisses               49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_readmisses              193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_readmisses             1056                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_readmisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_readmisses               49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_readmisses              254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_readmisses              770                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                1066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2389                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                3399                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1058                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                1023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1603                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                5137                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1541                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               1644                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               3403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               1053                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1053                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1620                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               5121                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1062                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               1480                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1623                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               5133                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               1051                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1017                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               1619                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               3406                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1058                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               1030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1636                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               3398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1052                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1008                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               1605                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               3403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               1056                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1469                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1639                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits               3396                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1060                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               1019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1620                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               3402                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               1058                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits               1027                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               1633                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               3398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits               1050                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               1031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               1628                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               3392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits               1061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits               1039                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits               2357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits               3398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               1069                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits               1025                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits               1610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits               3405                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits               1065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               1500                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits               1619                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits               3398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits               1049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits               1028                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits               1609                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits               3392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writehits               1064                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writehits               1028                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writehits               2409                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writehits               3406                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writehits               1077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writehits               1494                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writehits               1623                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writehits               3404                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writehits               1063                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writehits               1032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writehits               1634                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writehits               3397                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writehits               1054                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writehits               1024                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writehits               1621                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writehits               3392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writehits               1070                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writehits               1021                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writehits               2419                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writehits               3392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writehits               1068                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writehits               1021                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writehits               1606                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writehits               3404                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writehits               1052                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writehits               1032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writehits               1634                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writehits               3407                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writehits               1045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writehits               1019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writehits               1627                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writehits               3394                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_writehits               1065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_writehits               1027                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_writehits               1613                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_writehits               3400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_writehits              1058                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_writehits              1030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_writehits              1627                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_writehits              3402                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_writehits              1056                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_writehits              1034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_writehits              1646                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_writehits              3407                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_writehits              1055                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_writehits              1020                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_writehits              1607                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_writehits              3392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_writehits              1045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_writehits              1023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_writehits              1629                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_writehits              5126                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_writehits              2546                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_writehits              1019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_writehits              1613                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_writehits              3403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               275                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               489                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               173                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               695                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              485                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              169                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              711                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses              699                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses               53                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses               55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses              482                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses               46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses               42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              159                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses               52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses               64                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              171                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses              485                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses              139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses              137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses              492                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses               44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               53                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses              156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses              486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses               46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses               45                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses              161                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses              490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses               54                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses              152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses              496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses               43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses               33                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses              307                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses              490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses               35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses               47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses              166                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses              483                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses              108                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses              157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses              490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses               55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses               44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses              170                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses              496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writemisses               44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writemisses              255                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writemisses              482                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writemisses               27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writemisses              114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writemisses              153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writemisses              484                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writemisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writemisses              162                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writemisses              491                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writemisses               50                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writemisses               48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writemisses              155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writemisses              496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writemisses               34                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writemisses               51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writemisses              245                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writemisses              496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writemisses               36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writemisses               51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writemisses              170                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writemisses              484                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writemisses               52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writemisses              162                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writemisses              481                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writemisses               59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writemisses               53                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writemisses              149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writemisses              494                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_writemisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_writemisses               45                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_writemisses              163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_writemisses              488                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_writemisses              46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_writemisses              42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_writemisses             149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_writemisses             486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_writemisses              48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_writemisses              38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_writemisses             153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_writemisses             481                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_writemisses              49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_writemisses              52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_writemisses             174                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_writemisses             496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_writemisses              59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_writemisses              49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_writemisses             147                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_writemisses             706                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_writemisses             166                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_writemisses              53                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_writemisses             163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_writemisses             485                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_96.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_97.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_98.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_99.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_100.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_101.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_102.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_103.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_104.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_105.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_106.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_107.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_108.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_109.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_110.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_111.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_112.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_113.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_114.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_115.num_jobs                      3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_116.num_jobs                      5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_117.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_118.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_119.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_120.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_121.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_122.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_123.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_124.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_125.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_126.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_127.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 199485                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 256303                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 765890                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1408739                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 202317                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 254829                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 707007                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1529937                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 221107                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 256268                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                731426                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1424116                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                202384                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                261140                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                740979                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1514870                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                189193                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                297683                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                694060                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1533313                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                193522                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                259111                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                704804                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1421642                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                191839                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                246965                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                734070                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1419039                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                198967                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                254819                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                745050                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1416174                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles                194341                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles                292646                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                640683                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles               1416347                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles                193709                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles                250831                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles                697285                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles               1429124                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles                191785                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles                243004                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles                735276                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               1427712                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles                202660                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles                243685                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles                734941                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles               1427953                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles                193721                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles                251709                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles                780583                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles               1441948                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles                195232                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles                249360                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles                713470                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles               1416548                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles                195530                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles                288710                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles                730765                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles               1428012                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                201300                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles                262666                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                742895                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles               1430951                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.job_cycles                201627                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.job_cycles                255505                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.job_cycles                753212                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.job_cycles               1439428                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.job_cycles                200463                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.job_cycles                291285                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.job_cycles                722910                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.job_cycles               1439475                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.job_cycles                201860                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.job_cycles                250882                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.job_cycles                737463                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.job_cycles               1436420                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.job_cycles                202513                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.job_cycles                251591                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.job_cycles                740469                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.job_cycles               1427738                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.job_cycles                201360                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.job_cycles                253555                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.job_cycles                762423                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.job_cycles               1436696                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.job_cycles                195670                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.job_cycles                259418                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.job_cycles                740033                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.job_cycles               1439997                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.job_cycles                200106                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.job_cycles                249235                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.job_cycles                725603                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.job_cycles               1439241                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.job_cycles                201901                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.job_cycles                241893                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.job_cycles                743628                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.job_cycles               1416660                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_96.job_cycles                200680                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_97.job_cycles                257010                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_98.job_cycles                703486                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_99.job_cycles               1436015                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_100.job_cycles               199344                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_101.job_cycles               249676                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_102.job_cycles               709494                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_103.job_cycles              1436526                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_104.job_cycles               199690                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_105.job_cycles               245595                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_106.job_cycles               744760                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_107.job_cycles              1429281                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_108.job_cycles               196885                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_109.job_cycles               252445                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_110.job_cycles               749248                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_111.job_cycles              1416805                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_112.job_cycles               150428                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_113.job_cycles               257697                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_114.job_cycles               676502                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_115.job_cycles              1521341                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_116.job_cycles               218732                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_117.job_cycles               249958                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_118.job_cycles               734106                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_119.job_cycles              1430856                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_120.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_121.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_122.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_123.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_124.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_125.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_126.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_127.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                      48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                      72                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                     72                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     72                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                     24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                     24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_tasks                     24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_96.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_97.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_98.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_99.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_100.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_101.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_102.num_tasks                    32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_103.num_tasks                    48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_104.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_105.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_106.num_tasks                    32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_107.num_tasks                    48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_108.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_109.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_110.num_tasks                    32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_111.num_tasks                    48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_112.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_113.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_114.num_tasks                    32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_115.num_tasks                    72                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_116.num_tasks                    40                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_117.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_118.num_tasks                    32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_119.num_tasks                    48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_120.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_121.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_122.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_123.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_124.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_125.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_126.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_127.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 23685                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                 62858                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                730215                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1329692                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 21281                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                166782                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                673494                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1462608                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 41314                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                125823                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               695923                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1353610                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                49788                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               161326                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               721800                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1429601                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                 8479                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               164848                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               662739                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1457384                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                 8585                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               139755                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               662313                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1353993                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                10942                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                42235                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               709032                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1352268                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                27814                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles                85893                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               728183                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1348053                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles                10074                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles                80844                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               600771                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles              1348070                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles                10919                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles                37511                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles               663586                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles              1365788                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles                10371                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles                34257                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               711783                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              1362186                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles                18959                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles                52702                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles               708350                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles              1366763                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles                11587                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles                53027                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles               730895                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles              1401231                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles                 9578                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles                55919                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles               676765                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles              1346667                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles                10247                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles               106214                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles               699643                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles              1355756                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                24774                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles                91652                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles               724787                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles              1364436                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_cycles                13897                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_cycles                46518                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_cycles               719290                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_cycles              1386131                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_cycles                12843                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_cycles               154838                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_cycles               691531                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_cycles              1391602                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_cycles                11864                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_cycles                52589                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_cycles               715823                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_cycles              1374391                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_cycles                14246                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_cycles                48898                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_cycles               720173                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_cycles              1364779                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_cycles                11535                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_cycles                43594                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_cycles               720298                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_cycles              1377064                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_cycles                11474                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_cycles                90736                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_cycles               721079                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_cycles              1385772                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_cycles                11532                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_cycles                64568                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_cycles               694629                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_cycles              1372841                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_cycles                15885                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_cycles                68115                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_cycles               723850                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_cycles              1350361                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.read_cycles                10940                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.read_cycles                56247                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.read_cycles               673789                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.read_cycles              1381711                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.read_cycles               11453                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.read_cycles               65494                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.read_cycles              678837                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.read_cycles             1378324                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.read_cycles                7808                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.read_cycles               41541                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.read_cycles              728225                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.read_cycles             1362496                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.read_cycles               18783                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.read_cycles               43465                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.read_cycles              738788                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.read_cycles             1350178                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.read_cycles                5874                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.read_cycles               88769                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.read_cycles              641116                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.read_cycles             1446332                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.read_cycles               52972                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.read_cycles              114591                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.read_cycles              703911                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.read_cycles             1362579                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles              23798                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles              82709                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles              45888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles              63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              25074                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles              83710                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles              30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles              95184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles              35783                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              82178                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles             23609                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles             80063                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles             95184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles             25210                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            154356                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             95184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles             27040                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles             80361                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             26816                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles             98189                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles             23134                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             87191                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles             25639                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            167010                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles             25472                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            100577                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles             26702                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles             97178                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             25742                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles             99272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles             25729                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles            103633                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles             45888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles             25650                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles             97649                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles             28195                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            157115                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles             25552                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles             86140                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_cycles             24980                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_cycles             99859                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_cycles             46139                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_cycles             24911                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_cycles            152524                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_cycles             25196                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_cycles             89864                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_cycles             23940                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_cycles             98700                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_cycles             25661                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_cycles             98293                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_cycles             45888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_cycles             25591                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_cycles             85895                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_cycles             26023                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_cycles             88818                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_cycles             25534                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_cycles             95190                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.compute_cycles             24180                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.compute_cycles             88154                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.compute_cycles            25358                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.compute_cycles            95536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.compute_cycles            30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.compute_cycles            63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.compute_cycles            26627                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.compute_cycles           101045                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.compute_cycles            30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.compute_cycles            63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.compute_cycles            25452                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.compute_cycles           102740                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.compute_cycles            30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.compute_cycles            63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.compute_cycles            26526                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.compute_cycles            90815                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.compute_cycles            30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.compute_cycles            95184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.compute_cycles            65993                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.compute_cycles            78730                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.compute_cycles            30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.compute_cycles            63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               420446                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               435504                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               478727                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               630789                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               435517                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               301015                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               396645                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               692306                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               446047                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               409265                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              458166                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              668048                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              410863                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              363748                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              492652                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              688956                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              402236                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              413857                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              413644                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              671843                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              399065                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              397278                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              405558                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              671442                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              388617                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              421185                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              457295                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              667607                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              400360                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              410618                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              485182                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              653173                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles              406649                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              451891                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              407736                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles              642320                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              403209                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles              431164                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              393288                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              669562                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles              387735                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles              426551                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles              457743                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles              670969                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles              425600                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles              404618                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles              463912                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles              657542                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles              416788                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles              428236                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles              700825                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles              662819                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles              422585                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles              408997                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles              426574                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles              641618                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles              408269                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles              410228                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles              447851                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles              668294                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles              405997                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles              398671                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles              476287                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles              641296                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_cycles              431499                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_cycles              458393                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_cycles              496434                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_cycles              653420                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_cycles              432393                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_cycles              384177                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_cycles              454846                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_cycles              655976                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_cycles              432916                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_cycles              430446                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_cycles              469334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_cycles              668400                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_cycles              432923                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_cycles              439541                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_cycles              494776                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_cycles              647985                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_cycles              438588                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_cycles              455816                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_cycles              445221                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_cycles              651866                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_cycles              432293                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_cycles              446828                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_cycles              466299                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_cycles              672688                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_cycles              436142                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_cycles              416732                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_cycles              468231                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_cycles              675106                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_cycles              426448                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_cycles              422138                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_cycles              439089                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_cycles              659982                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.write_cycles              434670                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.write_cycles              454744                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.write_cycles              443147                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.write_cycles              658497                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.write_cycles             438642                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.write_cycles             425932                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.write_cycles             388628                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.write_cycles             678137                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.write_cycles             432121                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.write_cycles             427694                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.write_cycles             443850                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.write_cycles             658634                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.write_cycles             385036                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.write_cycles             442852                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.write_cycles             495778                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.write_cycles             663480                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.write_cycles             313097                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.write_cycles             413253                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.write_cycles             408500                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.write_cycles             681665                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.write_cycles             403068                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.write_cycles             368148                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.write_cycles             434236                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.write_cycles             671464                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            23685                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time            62858                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           730215                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1329692                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            21281                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           166782                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           673494                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1462608                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            41314                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           125823                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          695923                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1353610                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           49788                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          161326                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          721800                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1429601                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time            8479                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          164848                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          662739                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1457384                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time            8585                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          139755                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          662313                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1353993                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           10942                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time           42235                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          709032                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1352268                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           27814                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time           85893                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          728183                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1348053                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time           10074                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time           80844                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          600771                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time         1348070                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time           10919                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time           37511                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time          663586                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time         1365788                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time           10371                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time           34257                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          711783                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         1362186                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time           18959                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time           52702                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time          708350                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time         1366763                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time           11587                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time           53027                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time          730895                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time         1401231                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time            9578                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time           55919                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time          676765                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time         1346667                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time           10247                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time          106214                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time          699643                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time         1355756                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time           24774                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time           91652                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time          724787                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time         1364436                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_action_time           13897                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_action_time           46518                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_action_time          719290                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_action_time         1386131                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_action_time           12843                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_action_time          154838                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_action_time          691531                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_action_time         1391602                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_action_time           11864                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_action_time           52589                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_action_time          715823                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_action_time         1374391                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_action_time           14246                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_action_time           48898                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_action_time          720173                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_action_time         1364779                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_action_time           11535                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_action_time           43594                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_action_time          720298                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_action_time         1377064                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_action_time           11474                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_action_time           90736                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_action_time          721079                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_action_time         1385772                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_action_time           11532                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_action_time           64568                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_action_time          694629                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_action_time         1372841                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_action_time           15885                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_action_time           68115                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_action_time          723850                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_action_time         1350361                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.read_action_time           10940                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.read_action_time           56247                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.read_action_time          673789                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.read_action_time         1381711                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.read_action_time          11453                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.read_action_time          65494                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.read_action_time         678837                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.read_action_time        1378324                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.read_action_time           7808                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.read_action_time          41541                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.read_action_time         728225                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.read_action_time        1362496                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.read_action_time          18783                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.read_action_time          43465                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.read_action_time         738788                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.read_action_time        1350178                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.read_action_time           5874                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.read_action_time          88769                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.read_action_time         641116                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.read_action_time        1446332                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.read_action_time          52972                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.read_action_time         114591                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.read_action_time         703911                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.read_action_time        1362579                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         18096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time         45888                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time         63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         17856                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time         30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time         95184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         27024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        17976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time        95184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        17976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       101376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        95184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        17782                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        17957                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        17935                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time        17990                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       101376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time        18064                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time        17841                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        17912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time        18096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time        45888                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time        17870                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time        17856                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       101376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time        17975                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_action_time        18044                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_action_time        45736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_action_time        17976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_action_time       101376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_action_time        18096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_action_time        18015                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_action_time        18096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_action_time        45888                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_action_time        18081                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_action_time        17735                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_action_time        17892                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.compute_action_time        17958                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.compute_action_time        18096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.compute_action_time        17616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.compute_action_time        17859                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.compute_action_time        17616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.compute_action_time        95184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.compute_action_time        44769                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          186817                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          205638                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          471822                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          630789                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          190682                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          210963                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          396645                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          692306                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          198003                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          218222                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         458166                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         668048                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         190570                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         208511                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         492652                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         688956                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         179648                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         219969                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         399306                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         671843                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         182351                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         220871                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         405558                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         671442                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         178726                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         197767                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         457295                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         667607                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         179739                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         210195                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         485182                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         653173                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time         183865                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         225508                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         407736                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time         642320                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         184054                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time         206044                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         393288                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         669562                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time         179515                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time         200192                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time         457743                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time         670969                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time         185563                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time         189861                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time         463912                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time         657542                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time         184231                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time         200650                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time         556982                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time         662819                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time         184739                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time         205223                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time         426574                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time         641618                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time         182511                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time         220086                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time         447851                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time         668294                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time         180802                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time         194961                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time         476287                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time         641296                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_action_time         189151                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_action_time         210788                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_action_time         450314                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_action_time         653420                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_action_time         189352                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_action_time         219911                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_action_time         448642                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_action_time         655976                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_action_time         190121                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_action_time         203411                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_action_time         469334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_action_time         668400                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_action_time         188555                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_action_time         204645                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_action_time         494776                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_action_time         647985                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_action_time         191239                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_action_time         207643                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_action_time         440529                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_action_time         651866                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_action_time         185564                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_action_time         216965                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_action_time         466299                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_action_time         672688                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_action_time         187056                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_action_time         201741                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_action_time         468231                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_action_time         675106                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_action_time         185147                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_action_time         197487                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_action_time         439089                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_action_time         659982                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.write_action_time         189809                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.write_action_time         207751                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.write_action_time         442570                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.write_action_time         658497                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.write_action_time        189301                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.write_action_time        197838                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.write_action_time        388628                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.write_action_time        678137                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.write_action_time        189643                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.write_action_time        197332                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.write_action_time        443850                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.write_action_time        658634                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.write_action_time        177050                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.write_action_time        202862                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.write_action_time        495778                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.write_action_time        663480                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.write_action_time        141801                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.write_action_time        216564                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.write_action_time        408500                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.write_action_time        681665                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.write_action_time        192143                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.write_action_time        219215                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.write_action_time        434236                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.write_action_time        671464                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             197156                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             256303                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             760854                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1400807                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             199963                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             252159                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             703183                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1518039                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             217429                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             254402                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            727602                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1416184                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            201736                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            255815                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            737155                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1502972                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            185778                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            279727                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            690236                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1521415                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            189588                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            257218                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            700980                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1413710                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            188225                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            237353                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            730246                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1411107                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            196796                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            245812                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            741226                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1408242                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time            191224                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time            275797                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            636859                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time           1408415                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time            190775                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time            240460                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time            693461                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time           1421192                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time            187858                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time            231816                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time            731452                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           1419780                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time            199567                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time            236822                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time            731117                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time           1420021                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time            190631                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time            246714                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time            776759                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time           1434016                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time            192089                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time            240618                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time            709646                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time           1408616                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time            191518                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time            266790                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time            726941                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time           1420080                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time            198350                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time            253107                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time            739071                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time           1423019                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.rw_action_time            199157                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.rw_action_time            251454                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.rw_action_time            747476                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.rw_action_time           1431496                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.rw_action_time            197900                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.rw_action_time            278141                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.rw_action_time            719086                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.rw_action_time           1431543                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.rw_action_time            199234                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.rw_action_time            242826                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.rw_action_time            733639                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.rw_action_time           1428488                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.rw_action_time            200390                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.rw_action_time            242855                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.rw_action_time            736645                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.rw_action_time           1419806                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.rw_action_time            198319                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.rw_action_time            247933                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.rw_action_time            758599                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.rw_action_time           1428764                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.rw_action_time            192729                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.rw_action_time            252695                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.rw_action_time            736209                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.rw_action_time           1432065                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.rw_action_time            196971                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.rw_action_time            241298                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.rw_action_time            721779                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.rw_action_time           1431309                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.rw_action_time            198749                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.rw_action_time            240299                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.rw_action_time            739804                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.rw_action_time           1408728                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.rw_action_time            198306                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.rw_action_time            252638                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.rw_action_time            699662                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.rw_action_time           1428083                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.rw_action_time           196457                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.rw_action_time           247364                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.rw_action_time           705670                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.rw_action_time          1428594                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.rw_action_time           196549                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.rw_action_time           237885                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.rw_action_time           740936                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.rw_action_time          1421349                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.rw_action_time           193410                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.rw_action_time           241731                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.rw_action_time           745424                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.rw_action_time          1408873                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.rw_action_time           147200                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.rw_action_time           255278                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.rw_action_time           672678                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.rw_action_time          1509443                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.rw_action_time           212271                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.rw_action_time           245734                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.rw_action_time           730282                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.rw_action_time          1422924                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               848                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              4665                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              4180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              3620                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles              773                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              344                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              420                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              376                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles             3941                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              434                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles              501                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles              647                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             4929                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles              461                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles             3917                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles              522                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles             5039                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles              484                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles              540                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles             4948                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles              465                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles             3979                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles              547                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles             5053                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_busy_cycles              770                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_busy_cycles              802                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_busy_cycles             4993                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_busy_cycles              599                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_busy_cycles             4587                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_busy_cycles              644                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_busy_cycles             5109                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_busy_cycles              636                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_busy_cycles              670                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_busy_cycles             5237                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_busy_cycles              680                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_busy_cycles             4274                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_busy_cycles              671                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_busy_cycles              850                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_busy_cycles             885                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_busy_cycles            5038                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_busy_cycles             740                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_busy_cycles            4247                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_busy_cycles             704                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_busy_cycles            5142                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_busy_cycles             612                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_busy_cycles           11303                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658081                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110773608                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110950717                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111381318                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110773604                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110950713                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111381314                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110773610                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110950719                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111381320                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657681                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110773606                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110950715                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111381316                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110773614                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110950724                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111381325                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658390                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110773610                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110950720                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111381321                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110773627                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110950736                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111381337                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110773622                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110950732                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111381333                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        110658389                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        110773631                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        110950741                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles        111381342                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles        110658252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        110773628                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        110950737                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        111381338                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles        110658401                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles        110773624                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        110950733                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        111381334                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles        110773631                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles        110950739                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        111381340                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        110658453                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        110773643                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles        110950753                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles        111381354                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        110658393                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        110773640                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        110950749                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles        111381350                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles        110658441                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        110773636                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        110950745                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        111381346                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles        110658386                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles        110773633                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles        110950741                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles        111381342                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_idle_cycles        110658247                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_idle_cycles        110773640                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_idle_cycles        110950750                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_idle_cycles        111381351                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_idle_cycles        110658264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_idle_cycles        110773647                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_idle_cycles        110950756                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_idle_cycles        111381357                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_idle_cycles        110658451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_idle_cycles        110773653                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_idle_cycles        110950762                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_idle_cycles        111381363                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_idle_cycles        110658426                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_idle_cycles        110773650                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_idle_cycles        110950758                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_idle_cycles        111381359                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_idle_cycles        110658457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_idle_cycles        110773657                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_idle_cycles        110950767                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_idle_cycles        111381368                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_idle_cycles        110658432                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_idle_cycles        110773664                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_idle_cycles        110950773                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_idle_cycles        111381374                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_idle_cycles        110658399                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_idle_cycles        110773655                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_idle_cycles        110950764                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_idle_cycles        111381365                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_idle_cycles        110658429                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_idle_cycles        110773650                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_idle_cycles        110950760                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_idle_cycles        111381361                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_idle_cycles        110658322                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_idle_cycles        110773659                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_idle_cycles        110950769                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_idle_cycles        111381370                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_idle_cycles       110658343                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_idle_cycles       110773666                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_idle_cycles       110950775                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_idle_cycles       111381376                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_idle_cycles       110658382                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_idle_cycles       110773657                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_idle_cycles       110950766                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_idle_cycles       111381367                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_idle_cycles       110658353                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_idle_cycles       110773655                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_idle_cycles       110950763                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_idle_cycles       111381364                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_idle_cycles       110658489                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_idle_cycles       110773661                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_idle_cycles       110950771                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_idle_cycles       111381372                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_idle_cycles       110658459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_idle_cycles       110773657                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_idle_cycles       110950767                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_idle_cycles       111381368                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1604743                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1639254                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1852872                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2176672                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1608576                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1638327                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1850173                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2196017                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles           193293                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1643386                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1839086                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2180385                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1610033                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1635182                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1865362                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2291854                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1610383                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1644069                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1834632                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2194248                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1608468                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1646542                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1832900                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2177011                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1605144                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1631624                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1866575                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2191841                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1596922                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1640317                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1864422                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2178644                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         1609686                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         1637541                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles          591379                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles         2185376                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         1613160                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         1626824                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         1812425                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         2181207                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles         1607184                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         1628794                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         1853373                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         2192702                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         1606488                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles         1626842                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         1855237                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         2193929                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles         1612984                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles         1628669                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles         1860582                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles         2200000                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles         1609630                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         1623151                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles         1844881                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles         2189428                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         1599856                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles         1670831                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles         1847476                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         2184523                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles         1600585                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles         1647528                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles         1863692                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles         2191627                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_stall_cycles         1608959                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_stall_cycles         1618241                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_stall_cycles          749324                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_stall_cycles         2187648                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_stall_cycles         1604259                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_stall_cycles         1670553                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_stall_cycles         1844599                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_stall_cycles         2200973                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_stall_cycles         1610451                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_stall_cycles         1632827                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_stall_cycles         1859433                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_stall_cycles         2198201                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_stall_cycles          183324                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_stall_cycles         1630679                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_stall_cycles         1859092                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_stall_cycles         2195139                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_stall_cycles         1612134                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_stall_cycles         1621438                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_stall_cycles         1900809                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_stall_cycles         2186335                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_stall_cycles         1613066                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_stall_cycles         1636927                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_stall_cycles         1864265                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_stall_cycles         2198978                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_stall_cycles         1607926                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_stall_cycles         1630625                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_stall_cycles         1840535                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_stall_cycles         2187300                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_stall_cycles         1604424                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_stall_cycles         1626289                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_stall_cycles         1863096                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_stall_cycles         2169461                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_stall_cycles         1609477                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_stall_cycles         1627639                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_stall_cycles         1821611                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_stall_cycles         2198594                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_stall_cycles        1612072                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_stall_cycles        1628251                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_stall_cycles        1804814                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_stall_cycles        2191283                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_stall_cycles        1611086                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_stall_cycles        1626333                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_stall_cycles        1864094                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_stall_cycles        2191177                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_stall_cycles        1597211                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_stall_cycles        1639198                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_stall_cycles        1864016                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_stall_cycles        2175468                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_stall_cycles        1607413                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_stall_cycles        1635231                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_stall_cycles        1814664                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_stall_cycles        2293620                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_stall_cycles        1607301                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_stall_cycles        1637300                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_stall_cycles        1858585                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_stall_cycles        2185295                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0                18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0                95                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0                52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               252                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              250                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0               44                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              247                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0               58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               47                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0              158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0              164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0               96                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0              164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0               36                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0              169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_0               81                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_0              158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_0               38                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_0              164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_0               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_0               82                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_0              158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_0               50                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_0               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_0               50                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_0              10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_0              18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_0              51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_0             162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_0              10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_0              18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_0              54                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_0             162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_0              12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_0              20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_0              57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_0             166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_0              10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_0              18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_0              47                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_0             241                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_0              28                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_0              18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_0              54                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_0             162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               517                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               417                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               409                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               472                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1              434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1              639                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              425                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              411                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              407                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              435                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1026                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              401                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1              436                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1              714                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              381                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              404                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              350                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1              648                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              388                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              320                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1              375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1              652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1              395                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1              383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1              382                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1              658                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1              415                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1              350                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1              370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1              655                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1              415                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1              377                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1              418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1              656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1              389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1              403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1              442                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1              661                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1              362                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1              367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1              468                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1              668                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1              396                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1              336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1              367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1              689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1              397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1              398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1              386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1              657                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1              418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1              372                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1              381                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1              649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_1              376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_1              338                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_1              509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_1              706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_1              414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_1              424                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_1              431                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_1              682                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_1              386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_1              351                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_1              399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_1              666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_1              377                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_1              376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_1              393                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_1              639                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_1              390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_1              333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_1              521                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_1              648                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_1              363                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_1              321                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_1              371                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_1              647                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_1              368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_1              356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_1              423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_1              670                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_1              409                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_1              393                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_1              380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_1              664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_1              390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_1              337                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_1              363                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_1              684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_1             380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_1             351                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_1             405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_1             677                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_1             385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_1             391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_1             401                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_1             731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_1             410                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_1             371                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_1             372                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_1             662                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_1             321                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_1             348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_1             394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_1             976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_1             630                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_1             340                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_1             382                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_1             723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                17                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2               657                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              1106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               190                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2               449                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              1782                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                24                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               216                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2              393                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             1153                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               17                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2              455                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1859                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2              523                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             1570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2              457                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             1207                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2              361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             1033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2              378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             1066                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2              176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2              434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2              946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2              133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2              455                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             1117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2              157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2              406                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2             1154                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2              128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2              410                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             1088                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2               85                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2              559                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2              893                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2              124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2              452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2              983                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2               13                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2              203                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2              397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2             1055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2              194                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2              473                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2             1213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_2               83                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_2              617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_2              958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_2              195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_2              391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_2              951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_2              129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_2              384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_2              969                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_2              135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_2              379                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_2             1001                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_2               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_2               75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_2              587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_2              905                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_2              127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_2              397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_2              866                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_2              151                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_2              392                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_2              988                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_2              155                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_2              393                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_2             1123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_2              108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_2              530                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_2              938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_2              15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_2             113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_2             361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_2             939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_2              15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_2             109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_2             353                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_2            1128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_2              16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_2             183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_2             428                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_2            1170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_2              14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_2             117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_2             461                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_2            1447                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_2              42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_2             274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_2             383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_2            1121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            4234                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           21095                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          335620                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          856407                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            6322                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           22478                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          384199                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          905164                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            8365                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           18379                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         396902                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         883818                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          13624                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          17780                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         434324                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         884315                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           4533                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          52123                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles         287835                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         928019                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles           8672                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          21165                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles         356456                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         837035                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           8747                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles          17542                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles         411560                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         845814                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           3736                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          14526                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles         404934                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         852416                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles          11010                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles          60220                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles         260358                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles         884715                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles          11409                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles          30625                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles         357457                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles         844808                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles           8587                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles          17077                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles         390148                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles         869539                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles           9308                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles          16131                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles         384490                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles         858042                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles           5922                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles          25291                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles         401574                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles         888837                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles           8663                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles          32368                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles         384341                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles         867372                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles           9979                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles          39325                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles         396342                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles         878012                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles           9344                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles          15414                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles         392253                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles         885531                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshr_stall_cycles           9444                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshr_stall_cycles          25338                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshr_stall_cycles         348204                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshr_stall_cycles         868848                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshr_stall_cycles           5122                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshr_stall_cycles          47042                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshr_stall_cycles         387878                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshr_stall_cycles         884958                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshr_stall_cycles           4789                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshr_stall_cycles          20788                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshr_stall_cycles         396369                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshr_stall_cycles         883024                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshr_stall_cycles           9981                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshr_stall_cycles          19201                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshr_stall_cycles         402706                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshr_stall_cycles         877132                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshr_stall_cycles           9947                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshr_stall_cycles          25672                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshr_stall_cycles         308628                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshr_stall_cycles         863882                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshr_stall_cycles           6339                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshr_stall_cycles          34780                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshr_stall_cycles         400396                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshr_stall_cycles         878230                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshr_stall_cycles           4805                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshr_stall_cycles          21159                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshr_stall_cycles         402244                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshr_stall_cycles         870678                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshr_stall_cycles           9469                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshr_stall_cycles          20263                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshr_stall_cycles         418594                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshr_stall_cycles         838245                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.mshr_stall_cycles           8492                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.mshr_stall_cycles          28623                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.mshr_stall_cycles         317635                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.mshr_stall_cycles         884603                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.mshr_stall_cycles          6075                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.mshr_stall_cycles         24209                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.mshr_stall_cycles        361529                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.mshr_stall_cycles        870945                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.mshr_stall_cycles          4942                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.mshr_stall_cycles         22374                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.mshr_stall_cycles        410682                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.mshr_stall_cycles        878999                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.mshr_stall_cycles         12900                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.mshr_stall_cycles         14963                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.mshr_stall_cycles        435394                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.mshr_stall_cycles        858045                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.mshr_stall_cycles          6649                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.mshr_stall_cycles         28446                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.mshr_stall_cycles        298120                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.mshr_stall_cycles        875862                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.mshr_stall_cycles         16230                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.mshr_stall_cycles         32589                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.mshr_stall_cycles        418520                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.mshr_stall_cycles        871168                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      196564     25.38%     25.38% |      192731     24.88%     50.26% |      192779     24.89%     75.15% |      192471     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       774545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119220     25.57%     25.57% |      115695     24.81%     50.38% |      115686     24.81%     75.19% |      115661     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       466262                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      196588     25.38%     25.38% |      192731     24.88%     50.26% |      192779     24.89%     75.15% |      192471     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       774569                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125111     25.54%     25.54% |      121598     24.82%     50.36% |      121589     24.82%     75.18% |      121564     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       489862                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69152     25.10%     25.10% |       68844     24.99%     50.09% |       68901     25.01%     75.09% |       68618     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       275515                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      196564     25.38%     25.38% |      192731     24.88%     50.26% |      192779     24.89%     75.15% |      192471     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       774545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      118976     25.56%     25.56% |      115518     24.82%     50.38% |      115509     24.81%     75.19% |      115484     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       465487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69152     25.10%     25.10% |       68844     24.99%     50.09% |       68901     25.01%     75.09% |       68618     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       275515                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      196564     25.38%     25.38% |      192731     24.88%     50.26% |      192779     24.89%     75.15% |      192471     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       774545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      118976     25.56%     25.56% |      115518     24.82%     50.38% |      115509     24.81%     75.19% |      115484     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       465487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3691088     92.54%     92.54% |          48      0.00%     92.54% |       10369      0.26%     92.80% |       12312      0.31%     93.11% |        9321      0.23%     93.34% |       12312      0.31%     93.65% |       12848      0.32%     93.97% |        9296      0.23%     94.21% |        9296      0.23%     94.44% |        9296      0.23%     94.67% |        9832      0.25%     94.92% |        9296      0.23%     95.15% |        9297      0.23%     95.39% |        9296      0.23%     95.62% |       10368      0.26%     95.88% |        9296      0.23%     96.11% |        9832      0.25%     96.36% |        9296      0.23%     96.59% |       10368      0.26%     96.85% |        9832      0.25%     97.10% |        9297      0.23%     97.33% |        9296      0.23%     97.57% |       10369      0.26%     97.83% |        9296      0.23%     98.06% |        9296      0.23%     98.29% |        9296      0.23%     98.52% |        9296      0.23%     98.76% |        9296      0.23%     98.99% |        9296      0.23%     99.22% |        9296      0.23%     99.46% |       12312      0.31%     99.77% |        9368      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3988613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3856303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3856303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7770243     96.88%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |        8697      0.11%     96.99% |        9749      0.12%     97.11% |        8342      0.10%     97.22% |        9750      0.12%     97.34% |       10287      0.13%     97.47% |        7810      0.10%     97.57% |        7808      0.10%     97.66% |        7807      0.10%     97.76% |        8342      0.10%     97.86% |        7807      0.10%     97.96% |        7806      0.10%     98.06% |        7810      0.10%     98.16% |        8694      0.11%     98.27% |        7807      0.10%     98.36% |        8344      0.10%     98.47% |        7809      0.10%     98.56% |        8696      0.11%     98.67% |        8340      0.10%     98.78% |        7808      0.10%     98.87% |        7810      0.10%     98.97% |        8694      0.11%     99.08% |        7807      0.10%     99.18% |        7808      0.10%     99.27% |        7810      0.10%     99.37% |        7809      0.10%     99.47% |        7807      0.10%     99.57% |        7809      0.10%     99.66% |        7809      0.10%     99.76% |        9751      0.12%     99.88% |        9408      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8020078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15638     27.40%     27.40% |          48      0.08%     27.49% |        1269      2.22%     29.71% |         810      1.42%     31.13% |        1483      2.60%     33.73% |        1065      1.87%     35.60% |         994      1.74%     37.34% |        1085      1.90%     39.24% |         994      1.74%     40.98% |        1552      2.72%     43.70% |         948      1.66%     45.36% |        1373      2.41%     47.77% |        1246      2.18%     49.95% |        1164      2.04%     51.99% |        1387      2.43%     54.42% |        1676      2.94%     57.36% |        1444      2.53%     59.89% |        1630      2.86%     62.75% |        1203      2.11%     64.86% |        1655      2.90%     67.76% |        1334      2.34%     70.09% |        1620      2.84%     72.93% |        1207      2.12%     75.05% |        1627      2.85%     77.90% |        1347      2.36%     80.26% |        1409      2.47%     82.73% |        1760      3.08%     85.81% |        1837      3.22%     89.03% |        1790      3.14%     92.17% |        1537      2.69%     94.86% |        1277      2.24%     97.10% |        1655      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        57064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      631096     54.90%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |       18122      1.58%     56.48% |       21041      1.83%     58.31% |       16803      1.46%     59.77% |       21095      1.84%     61.61% |       22053      1.92%     63.53% |       16341      1.42%     64.95% |       16142      1.40%     66.35% |       16257      1.41%     67.77% |       17113      1.49%     69.26% |       16144      1.40%     70.66% |       16181      1.41%     72.07% |       16139      1.40%     73.47% |       18012      1.57%     75.04% |       16149      1.40%     76.44% |       17201      1.50%     77.94% |       16147      1.40%     79.34% |       17979      1.56%     80.91% |       17194      1.50%     82.40% |       16147      1.40%     83.81% |       16132      1.40%     85.21% |       18016      1.57%     86.78% |       16115      1.40%     88.18% |       16123      1.40%     89.58% |       16150      1.41%     90.99% |       16098      1.40%     92.39% |       16144      1.40%     93.79% |       16108      1.40%     95.20% |       16145      1.40%     96.60% |       20981      1.83%     98.43% |       18093      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1149461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           2      4.17%     16.67% |           4      8.33%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2      4.17%     29.17% |           4      8.33%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2      4.17%     41.67% |           3      6.25%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           1      2.08%     50.00% |           1      2.08%     52.08% |           4      8.33%     60.42% |           0      0.00%     60.42% |           0      0.00%     60.42% |           2      4.17%     64.58% |           4      8.33%     72.92% |           0      0.00%     72.92% |           0      0.00%     72.92% |           2      4.17%     77.08% |           4      8.33%     85.42% |           0      0.00%     85.42% |           0      0.00%     85.42% |           7     14.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          75     27.17%     27.17% |           2      0.72%     27.90% |           5      1.81%     29.71% |           8      2.90%     32.61% |           5      1.81%     34.42% |           6      2.17%     36.59% |           6      2.17%     38.77% |           8      2.90%     41.67% |           8      2.90%     44.57% |           6      2.17%     46.74% |           7      2.54%     49.28% |           8      2.90%     52.17% |           6      2.17%     54.35% |           6      2.17%     56.52% |           6      2.17%     58.70% |           6      2.17%     60.87% |           7      2.54%     63.41% |           8      2.90%     66.30% |           7      2.54%     68.84% |           6      2.17%     71.01% |           6      2.17%     73.19% |           6      2.17%     75.36% |           5      1.81%     77.17% |           6      2.17%     79.35% |           8      2.90%     82.25% |           8      2.90%     85.14% |           7      2.54%     87.68% |           6      2.17%     89.86% |           7      2.54%     92.39% |           6      2.17%     94.57% |           7      2.54%     97.10% |           8      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      170352     37.36%     37.36% |          40      0.01%     37.37% |       10024      2.20%     39.56% |       11879      2.60%     42.17% |        9019      1.98%     44.15% |       11898      2.61%     46.76% |       12340      2.71%     49.46% |        9103      2.00%     51.46% |        8891      1.95%     53.41% |        9002      1.97%     55.38% |        9318      2.04%     57.43% |        8896      1.95%     59.38% |        8926      1.96%     61.33% |        8879      1.95%     63.28% |        9921      2.18%     65.46% |        8898      1.95%     67.41% |        9417      2.07%     69.47% |        8889      1.95%     71.42% |        9868      2.16%     73.59% |        9431      2.07%     75.65% |        8896      1.95%     77.61% |        8890      1.95%     79.55% |        9890      2.17%     81.72% |        8879      1.95%     83.67% |        8866      1.94%     85.61% |        8976      1.97%     87.58% |        8875      1.95%     89.53% |        8900      1.95%     91.48% |        8846      1.94%     93.42% |        8901      1.95%     95.37% |       11840      2.60%     97.97% |        9260      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       456010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      0.72%      0.72% |           8      2.90%      3.62% |           2      0.72%      4.35% |           7      2.54%      6.88% |           8      2.90%      9.78% |           7      2.54%     12.32% |           9      3.26%     15.58% |           7      2.54%     18.12% |           6      2.17%     20.29% |           8      2.90%     23.19% |          16      5.80%     28.99% |           7      2.54%     31.52% |           7      2.54%     34.06% |           6      2.17%     36.23% |           7      2.54%     38.77% |           7      2.54%     41.30% |           9      3.26%     44.57% |           6      2.17%     46.74% |          15      5.43%     52.17% |          13      4.71%     56.88% |           6      2.17%     59.06% |           6      2.17%     61.23% |           6      2.17%     63.41% |           7      2.54%     65.94% |           8      2.90%     68.84% |           8      2.90%     71.74% |          20      7.25%     78.99% |          15      5.43%     84.42% |          16      5.80%     90.22% |          13      4.71%     94.93% |           6      2.17%     97.10% |           8      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464277     65.15%     65.15% |           0      0.00%     65.15% |        8642      1.21%     66.37% |        9691      1.36%     67.73% |        8291      1.16%     68.89% |        9704      1.36%     70.25% |       10224      1.43%     71.69% |        7755      1.09%     72.77% |        7763      1.09%     73.86% |        7760      1.09%     74.95% |        8285      1.16%     76.12% |        7755      1.09%     77.20% |        7764      1.09%     78.29% |        7765      1.09%     79.38% |        8639      1.21%     80.60% |        7757      1.09%     81.68% |        8292      1.16%     82.85% |        7764      1.09%     83.94% |        8638      1.21%     85.15% |        8283      1.16%     86.31% |        7765      1.09%     87.40% |        7767      1.09%     88.49% |        8640      1.21%     89.70% |        7755      1.09%     90.79% |        7765      1.09%     91.88% |        7766      1.09%     92.97% |        7757      1.09%     94.06% |        7757      1.09%     95.15% |        7765      1.09%     96.24% |        7765      1.09%     97.33% |        9698      1.36%     98.69% |        9337      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712586                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506399     51.40%     51.40% |           0      0.00%     51.40% |       16958      1.72%     53.12% |       20283      2.06%     55.18% |       15440      1.57%     56.75% |       20033      2.03%     58.78% |       21074      2.14%     60.92% |       15361      1.56%     62.48% |       15158      1.54%     64.02% |       14736      1.50%     65.52% |       16217      1.65%     67.16% |       14835      1.51%     68.67% |       14956      1.52%     70.19% |       15052      1.53%     71.72% |       16713      1.70%     73.41% |       14514      1.47%     74.89% |       15812      1.61%     76.49% |       14539      1.48%     77.97% |       16876      1.71%     79.68% |       15581      1.58%     81.26% |       14848      1.51%     82.77% |       14564      1.48%     84.25% |       16864      1.71%     85.96% |       14517      1.47%     87.43% |       14794      1.50%     88.93% |       14900      1.51%     90.45% |       14399      1.46%     91.91% |       14351      1.46%     93.36% |       14404      1.46%     94.83% |       14697      1.49%     96.32% |       19766      2.01%     98.32% |       16505      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       985146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170915     37.45%     37.45% |          23      0.01%     37.45% |        9993      2.19%     39.64% |       11861      2.60%     42.24% |        9025      1.98%     44.22% |       11905      2.61%     46.83% |       12342      2.70%     49.53% |        9099      1.99%     51.53% |        8893      1.95%     53.48% |        9010      1.97%     55.45% |        9336      2.05%     57.50% |        8903      1.95%     59.45% |        8931      1.96%     61.40% |        8885      1.95%     63.35% |        9885      2.17%     65.52% |        8905      1.95%     67.47% |        9423      2.06%     69.53% |        8897      1.95%     71.48% |        9855      2.16%     73.64% |        9425      2.07%     75.71% |        8896      1.95%     77.66% |        8877      1.95%     79.60% |        9886      2.17%     81.77% |        8872      1.94%     83.71% |        8873      1.94%     85.65% |        8899      1.95%     87.60% |        8855      1.94%     89.54% |        8901      1.95%     91.49% |        8858      1.94%     93.44% |        8892      1.95%     95.38% |       11798      2.59%     97.97% |        9268      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       456386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122691    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338256     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |        8641      1.47%     59.15% |        9691      1.65%     60.80% |        8290      1.41%     62.21% |        9702      1.65%     63.87% |       10223      1.74%     65.61% |        7754      1.32%     66.93% |        7761      1.32%     68.25% |        7759      1.32%     69.58% |        8283      1.41%     70.99% |        7753      1.32%     72.31% |        7762      1.32%     73.63% |        7764      1.32%     74.96% |        8637      1.47%     76.43% |        7755      1.32%     77.75% |        8290      1.41%     79.17% |        7762      1.32%     80.49% |        8636      1.47%     81.96% |        8281      1.41%     83.37% |        7763      1.32%     84.70% |        7764      1.32%     86.02% |        8637      1.47%     87.49% |        7754      1.32%     88.82% |        7762      1.32%     90.14% |        7763      1.32%     91.46% |        7755      1.32%     92.79% |        7755      1.32%     94.11% |        7762      1.32%     95.43% |        7763      1.32%     96.76% |        9695      1.65%     98.41% |        9337      1.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11269     96.18%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           7      0.06%     96.24% |          14      0.12%     96.36% |          11      0.09%     96.45% |          12      0.10%     96.55% |          15      0.13%     96.68% |          14      0.12%     96.80% |          14      0.12%     96.92% |          14      0.12%     97.04% |          23      0.20%     97.23% |          14      0.12%     97.35% |          13      0.11%     97.47% |          11      0.09%     97.56% |          11      0.09%     97.65% |          13      0.11%     97.76% |          16      0.14%     97.90% |          14      0.12%     98.02% |          18      0.15%     98.17% |          17      0.15%     98.32% |          12      0.10%     98.42% |          12      0.10%     98.52% |          11      0.09%     98.62% |          13      0.11%     98.73% |          15      0.13%     98.86% |          16      0.14%     98.99% |          27      0.23%     99.22% |          22      0.19%     99.41% |          22      0.19%     99.60% |          19      0.16%     99.76% |          13      0.11%     99.87% |          15      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1341     72.21%     72.21% |          25      1.35%     73.56% |          34      1.83%     75.39% |          25      1.35%     76.74% |           3      0.16%     76.90% |           2      0.11%     77.01% |           8      0.43%     77.44% |          12      0.65%     78.08% |           6      0.32%     78.41% |           1      0.05%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           2      0.11%     78.57% |           4      0.22%     78.78% |           1      0.05%     78.84% |          45      2.42%     81.26% |           2      0.11%     81.37% |           5      0.27%     81.64% |           0      0.00%     81.64% |          30      1.62%     83.25% |          21      1.13%     84.38% |           8      0.43%     84.81% |          22      1.18%     86.00% |          13      0.70%     86.70% |          15      0.81%     87.51% |           4      0.22%     87.72% |          88      4.74%     92.46% |          42      2.26%     94.72% |          16      0.86%     95.58% |           7      0.38%     95.96% |          24      1.29%     97.25% |          51      2.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1392    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          37    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         745      1.87%      1.87% |           0      0.00%      1.87% |        1156      2.90%      4.77% |         743      1.87%      6.64% |        1351      3.39%     10.03% |        1047      2.63%     12.66% |         963      2.42%     15.07% |         965      2.42%     17.50% |         968      2.43%     19.93% |        1506      3.78%     23.71% |         865      2.17%     25.88% |        1293      3.25%     29.12% |        1210      3.04%     32.16% |        1073      2.69%     34.85% |        1284      3.22%     38.08% |        1619      4.06%     42.14% |        1371      3.44%     45.58% |        1592      4.00%     49.58% |        1083      2.72%     52.30% |        1594      4.00%     56.30% |        1285      3.23%     59.52% |        1550      3.89%     63.41% |        1133      2.84%     66.26% |        1583      3.97%     70.23% |        1311      3.29%     73.52% |        1232      3.09%     76.62% |        1670      4.19%     80.81% |        1770      4.44%     85.25% |        1679      4.21%     89.46% |        1425      3.58%     93.04% |        1199      3.01%     96.05% |        1573      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        39838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.85%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |           1      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           3      0.01%     99.89% |           5      0.02%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.00%     99.92% |           6      0.03%     99.95% |           4      0.02%     99.97% |           4      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3732163    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3732163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2299     98.84%     98.84% |          10      0.43%     99.27% |           0      0.00%     99.27% |           1      0.04%     99.31% |           2      0.09%     99.40% |           0      0.00%     99.40% |           0      0.00%     99.40% |           1      0.04%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           1      0.04%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           1      0.04%     99.53% |           2      0.09%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           4      0.17%     99.79% |           2      0.09%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           1      0.04%     99.91% |           1      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2326                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123694     99.60%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           8      0.01%     99.60% |          14      0.01%     99.61% |          12      0.01%     99.62% |          15      0.01%     99.64% |          16      0.01%     99.65% |          15      0.01%     99.66% |          16      0.01%     99.67% |          15      0.01%     99.69% |          25      0.02%     99.71% |          16      0.01%     99.72% |          15      0.01%     99.73% |          12      0.01%     99.74% |          13      0.01%     99.75% |          15      0.01%     99.76% |          18      0.01%     99.78% |          16      0.01%     99.79% |          20      0.02%     99.81% |          19      0.02%     99.82% |          14      0.01%     99.83% |          15      0.01%     99.84% |          14      0.01%     99.86% |          14      0.01%     99.87% |          18      0.01%     99.88% |          18      0.01%     99.90% |          29      0.02%     99.92% |          23      0.02%     99.94% |          25      0.02%     99.96% |          21      0.02%     99.98% |          16      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1637670     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |          94      0.01%     99.86% |          88      0.01%     99.87% |          81      0.00%     99.87% |          89      0.01%     99.88% |          99      0.01%     99.88% |          76      0.00%     99.89% |          69      0.00%     99.89% |          71      0.00%     99.90% |          82      0.00%     99.90% |          71      0.00%     99.91% |          71      0.00%     99.91% |          71      0.00%     99.91% |          89      0.01%     99.92% |          70      0.00%     99.92% |          82      0.00%     99.93% |          75      0.00%     99.93% |          89      0.01%     99.94% |          75      0.00%     99.94% |          74      0.00%     99.95% |          73      0.00%     99.95% |          90      0.01%     99.96% |          71      0.00%     99.96% |          75      0.00%     99.97% |          72      0.00%     99.97% |          74      0.00%     99.98% |          66      0.00%     99.98% |          68      0.00%     99.98% |          69      0.00%     99.99% |          96      0.01%     99.99% |         100      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1640040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1898      9.86%      9.86% |          38      0.20%     10.05% |         454      2.36%     12.41% |         277      1.44%     13.85% |         499      2.59%     16.44% |         372      1.93%     18.37% |         363      1.88%     20.26% |         503      2.61%     22.87% |         374      1.94%     24.81% |         840      4.36%     29.17% |         351      1.82%     30.99% |         538      2.79%     33.79% |         333      1.73%     35.52% |         334      1.73%     37.25% |         839      4.36%     41.61% |         823      4.27%     45.88% |         873      4.53%     50.41% |         966      5.02%     55.43% |         514      2.67%     58.10% |         859      4.46%     62.56% |         442      2.30%     64.85% |         623      3.23%     68.09% |         359      1.86%     69.95% |         593      3.08%     73.03% |         447      2.32%     75.35% |         497      2.58%     77.93% |         917      4.76%     82.69% |         844      4.38%     87.08% |         758      3.94%     91.01% |         597      3.10%     94.11% |         363      1.88%     96.00% |         771      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        19259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139224     34.69%     34.69% |           0      0.00%     34.69% |        9374      2.34%     37.02% |       11390      2.84%     39.86% |        8347      2.08%     41.94% |       11334      2.82%     44.76% |       11757      2.93%     47.69% |        8421      2.10%     49.79% |        8321      2.07%     51.86% |        7936      1.98%     53.84% |        8790      2.19%     56.03% |        8156      2.03%     58.06% |        8399      2.09%     60.16% |        8321      2.07%     62.23% |        8854      2.21%     64.43% |        7881      1.96%     66.40% |        8395      2.09%     68.49% |        7683      1.91%     70.40% |        9163      2.28%     72.69% |        8328      2.07%     74.76% |        8260      2.06%     76.82% |        8043      2.00%     78.82% |        9355      2.33%     81.15% |        8075      2.01%     83.17% |        8223      2.05%     85.21% |        8269      2.06%     87.28% |        7703      1.92%     89.19% |        7845      1.95%     91.15% |        7893      1.97%     93.12% |        8067      2.01%     95.13% |       11293      2.81%     97.94% |        8273      2.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       401373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           2      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1      2.78%     13.89% |           2      5.56%     19.44% |           2      5.56%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2      5.56%     30.56% |           2      5.56%     36.11% |           0      0.00%     36.11% |           0      0.00%     36.11% |           1      2.78%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           2      5.56%     44.44% |           2      5.56%     50.00% |           2      5.56%     55.56% |           1      2.78%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           2      5.56%     63.89% |           2      5.56%     69.44% |           1      2.78%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      2.78%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      2.78%     77.78% |           8     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1859297     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |         247      0.01%     99.52% |         338      0.02%     99.54% |         211      0.01%     99.55% |         316      0.02%     99.57% |         399      0.02%     99.59% |         108      0.01%     99.60% |         328      0.02%     99.62% |         214      0.01%     99.63% |         410      0.02%     99.65% |         319      0.02%     99.67% |         290      0.02%     99.68% |         339      0.02%     99.70% |         349      0.02%     99.72% |         319      0.02%     99.74% |         322      0.02%     99.75% |         324      0.02%     99.77% |         391      0.02%     99.79% |         306      0.02%     99.81% |         318      0.02%     99.82% |         324      0.02%     99.84% |         379      0.02%     99.86% |         338      0.02%     99.88% |         344      0.02%     99.90% |         236      0.01%     99.91% |         319      0.02%     99.93% |         309      0.02%     99.94% |         359      0.02%     99.96% |         309      0.02%     99.98% |         367      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1868429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7402690     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          54      0.00%     99.98% |          57      0.00%     99.98% |          52      0.00%     99.98% |          46      0.00%     99.98% |          63      0.00%     99.98% |          54      0.00%     99.98% |          46      0.00%     99.98% |          48      0.00%     99.98% |          59      0.00%     99.99% |          53      0.00%     99.99% |          44      0.00%     99.99% |          43      0.00%     99.99% |          57      0.00%     99.99% |          51      0.00%     99.99% |          53      0.00%     99.99% |          45      0.00%     99.99% |          60      0.00%     99.99% |          59      0.00%     99.99% |          44      0.00%     99.99% |          43      0.00%     99.99% |          57      0.00%     99.99% |          53      0.00%     99.99% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7404241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         172      0.74%      0.74% |           0      0.00%      0.74% |         794      3.42%      4.16% |         490      2.11%      6.27% |         946      4.08%     10.35% |         677      2.92%     13.27% |         608      2.62%     15.89% |         564      2.43%     18.32% |         596      2.57%     20.88% |         683      2.94%     23.83% |         552      2.38%     26.21% |         797      3.43%     29.64% |         883      3.80%     33.44% |         741      3.19%     36.64% |         519      2.24%     38.87% |         818      3.52%     42.40% |         547      2.36%     44.75% |         643      2.77%     47.52% |         641      2.76%     50.29% |         766      3.30%     53.59% |         852      3.67%     57.26% |         965      4.16%     61.42% |         835      3.60%     65.01% |        1016      4.38%     69.39% |         864      3.72%     73.11% |         871      3.75%     76.87% |         810      3.49%     80.36% |         954      4.11%     84.47% |         999      4.30%     88.77% |         885      3.81%     92.58% |         887      3.82%     96.41% |         834      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        23209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367175     62.90%     62.90% |           0      0.00%     62.90% |        7584      1.30%     64.20% |        8893      1.52%     65.72% |        7093      1.22%     66.93% |        8699      1.49%     68.42% |        9317      1.60%     70.02% |        6940      1.19%     71.21% |        6837      1.17%     72.38% |        6800      1.16%     73.55% |        7427      1.27%     74.82% |        6679      1.14%     75.96% |        6557      1.12%     77.08% |        6731      1.15%     78.24% |        7859      1.35%     79.58% |        6633      1.14%     80.72% |        7417      1.27%     81.99% |        6856      1.17%     83.17% |        7713      1.32%     84.49% |        7253      1.24%     85.73% |        6588      1.13%     86.86% |        6521      1.12%     87.97% |        7509      1.29%     89.26% |        6442      1.10%     90.36% |        6571      1.13%     91.49% |        6631      1.14%     92.63% |        6696      1.15%     93.77% |        6506      1.11%     94.89% |        6511      1.12%     96.00% |        6630      1.14%     97.14% |        8473      1.45%     98.59% |        8232      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       583773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           2      4.17%     16.67% |           4      8.33%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2      4.17%     29.17% |           4      8.33%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2      4.17%     41.67% |           3      6.25%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           1      2.08%     50.00% |           1      2.08%     52.08% |           4      8.33%     60.42% |           0      0.00%     60.42% |           0      0.00%     60.42% |           2      4.17%     64.58% |           4      8.33%     72.92% |           0      0.00%     72.92% |           0      0.00%     72.92% |           2      4.17%     77.08% |           4      8.33%     85.42% |           0      0.00%     85.42% |           0      0.00%     85.42% |           7     14.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          75     31.25%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           5      2.08%     33.33% |           6      2.50%     35.83% |           5      2.08%     37.92% |           6      2.50%     40.42% |           5      2.08%     42.50% |           6      2.50%     45.00% |           6      2.50%     47.50% |           6      2.50%     50.00% |           5      2.08%     52.08% |           6      2.50%     54.58% |           6      2.50%     57.08% |           6      2.50%     59.58% |           5      2.08%     61.67% |           6      2.50%     64.17% |           5      2.08%     66.25% |           6      2.50%     68.75% |           5      2.08%     70.83% |           5      2.08%     72.92% |           6      2.50%     75.42% |           6      2.50%     77.92% |           5      2.08%     80.00% |           6      2.50%     82.50% |           6      2.50%     85.00% |           6      2.50%     87.50% |           6      2.50%     90.00% |           6      2.50%     92.50% |           6      2.50%     95.00% |           6      2.50%     97.50% |           6      2.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total          240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         248     94.66%     94.66% |           0      0.00%     94.66% |           0      0.00%     94.66% |           1      0.38%     95.04% |           0      0.00%     95.04% |           0      0.00%     95.04% |           0      0.00%     95.04% |           0      0.00%     95.04% |           0      0.00%     95.04% |           0      0.00%     95.04% |           6      2.29%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           0      0.00%     97.33% |           2      0.76%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           5      1.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      170352     37.36%     37.36% |          40      0.01%     37.37% |       10024      2.20%     39.56% |       11879      2.60%     42.17% |        9019      1.98%     44.15% |       11898      2.61%     46.76% |       12340      2.71%     49.46% |        9103      2.00%     51.46% |        8891      1.95%     53.41% |        9002      1.97%     55.38% |        9318      2.04%     57.43% |        8896      1.95%     59.38% |        8926      1.96%     61.33% |        8879      1.95%     63.28% |        9921      2.18%     65.46% |        8898      1.95%     67.41% |        9417      2.07%     69.47% |        8889      1.95%     71.42% |        9868      2.16%     73.59% |        9431      2.07%     75.65% |        8896      1.95%     77.61% |        8890      1.95%     79.55% |        9890      2.17%     81.72% |        8879      1.95%     83.67% |        8866      1.94%     85.61% |        8976      1.97%     87.58% |        8875      1.95%     89.53% |        8900      1.95%     91.48% |        8846      1.94%     93.42% |        8901      1.95%     95.37% |       11840      2.60%     97.97% |        9260      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       456010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      0.72%      0.72% |           8      2.90%      3.62% |           2      0.72%      4.35% |           7      2.54%      6.88% |           8      2.90%      9.78% |           7      2.54%     12.32% |           9      3.26%     15.58% |           7      2.54%     18.12% |           6      2.17%     20.29% |           8      2.90%     23.19% |          16      5.80%     28.99% |           7      2.54%     31.52% |           7      2.54%     34.06% |           6      2.17%     36.23% |           7      2.54%     38.77% |           7      2.54%     41.30% |           9      3.26%     44.57% |           6      2.17%     46.74% |          15      5.43%     52.17% |          13      4.71%     56.88% |           6      2.17%     59.06% |           6      2.17%     61.23% |           6      2.17%     63.41% |           7      2.54%     65.94% |           8      2.90%     68.84% |           8      2.90%     71.74% |          20      7.25%     78.99% |          15      5.43%     84.42% |          16      5.80%     90.22% |          13      4.71%     94.93% |           6      2.17%     97.10% |           8      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125984     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     52.63%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           2     10.53%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           3     15.79%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338293     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |        8641      1.47%     59.15% |        9691      1.65%     60.80% |        8290      1.41%     62.21% |        9702      1.65%     63.87% |       10223      1.74%     65.61% |        7754      1.32%     66.93% |        7761      1.32%     68.26% |        7759      1.32%     69.58% |        8283      1.41%     70.99% |        7753      1.32%     72.31% |        7762      1.32%     73.64% |        7764      1.32%     74.96% |        8637      1.47%     76.43% |        7755      1.32%     77.75% |        8290      1.41%     79.17% |        7762      1.32%     80.49% |        8636      1.47%     81.96% |        8281      1.41%     83.38% |        7763      1.32%     84.70% |        7764      1.32%     86.02% |        8637      1.47%     87.50% |        7754      1.32%     88.82% |        7762      1.32%     90.14% |        7763      1.32%     91.46% |        7755      1.32%     92.79% |        7755      1.32%     94.11% |        7762      1.32%     95.43% |        7763      1.32%     96.76% |        9695      1.65%     98.41% |        9337      1.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1271     99.61%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           1      0.08%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.08%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           1      0.08%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.08%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     80.26%     80.26% |           0      0.00%     80.26% |           2      1.32%     81.58% |           1      0.66%     82.24% |           0      0.00%     82.24% |           2      1.32%     83.55% |           1      0.66%     84.21% |           2      1.32%     85.53% |           1      0.66%     86.18% |           0      0.00%     86.18% |           0      0.00%     86.18% |           1      0.66%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           3      1.97%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           1      0.66%     89.47% |           1      0.66%     90.13% |           2      1.32%     91.45% |           0      0.00%     91.45% |           0      0.00%     91.45% |           1      0.66%     92.11% |           3      1.97%     94.08% |           0      0.00%     94.08% |           0      0.00%     94.08% |           1      0.66%     94.74% |           2      1.32%     96.05% |           1      0.66%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |           1      0.66%     97.37% |           2      1.32%     98.68% |           2      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      2.53%      2.53% |          28      5.06%      7.59% |          25      4.52%     12.12% |           4      0.72%     12.84% |           8      1.45%     14.29% |           3      0.54%     14.83% |          10      1.81%     16.64% |          15      2.71%     19.35% |          22      3.98%     23.33% |          23      4.16%     27.49% |          17      3.07%     30.56% |          77     13.92%     44.48% |          16      2.89%     47.38% |          22      3.98%     51.36% |           8      1.45%     52.80% |           7      1.27%     54.07% |          26      4.70%     58.77% |          11      1.99%     60.76% |          28      5.06%     65.82% |          20      3.62%     69.44% |           2      0.36%     69.80% |           5      0.90%     70.71% |          20      3.62%     74.32% |          24      4.34%     78.66% |           6      1.08%     79.75% |          17      3.07%     82.82% |          10      1.81%     84.63% |          36      6.51%     91.14% |          14      2.53%     93.67% |          35      6.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506399     51.43%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |       16944      1.72%     53.15% |       20255      2.06%     55.21% |       15415      1.57%     56.78% |       20029      2.03%     58.81% |       21066      2.14%     60.95% |       15358      1.56%     62.51% |       15148      1.54%     64.05% |       14721      1.50%     65.54% |       16195      1.64%     67.19% |       14812      1.50%     68.69% |       14939      1.52%     70.21% |       14975      1.52%     71.73% |       16697      1.70%     73.43% |       14492      1.47%     74.90% |       15804      1.61%     76.50% |       14532      1.48%     77.98% |       16850      1.71%     79.69% |       15570      1.58%     81.27% |       14820      1.51%     82.78% |       14544      1.48%     84.25% |       16862      1.71%     85.97% |       14512      1.47%     87.44% |       14774      1.50%     88.94% |       14876      1.51%     90.45% |       14393      1.46%     91.91% |       14334      1.46%     93.37% |       14394      1.46%     94.83% |       14661      1.49%     96.32% |       19752      2.01%     98.33% |       16470      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       984593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      2.53%      2.53% |          28      5.06%      7.59% |          25      4.52%     12.12% |           4      0.72%     12.84% |           8      1.45%     14.29% |           3      0.54%     14.83% |          10      1.81%     16.64% |          15      2.71%     19.35% |          22      3.98%     23.33% |          23      4.16%     27.49% |          17      3.07%     30.56% |          77     13.92%     44.48% |          16      2.89%     47.38% |          22      3.98%     51.36% |           8      1.45%     52.80% |           7      1.27%     54.07% |          26      4.70%     58.77% |          11      1.99%     60.76% |          28      5.06%     65.82% |          20      3.62%     69.44% |           2      0.36%     69.80% |           5      0.90%     70.71% |          20      3.62%     74.32% |          24      4.34%     78.66% |           6      1.08%     79.75% |          17      3.07%     82.82% |          10      1.81%     84.63% |          36      6.51%     91.14% |          14      2.53%     93.67% |          35      6.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          553                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3866      3.12%      3.12% |        3801      3.06%      6.18% |        3547      2.86%      9.04% |        3505      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3754      3.02%     21.02% |        3280      2.64%     23.67% |        3556      2.87%     26.53% |        5141      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.87% |        3815      3.07%     36.94% |        3559      2.87%     39.81% |        4322      3.48%     43.29% |        3865      3.11%     46.41% |        3737      3.01%     49.42% |        4116      3.32%     52.73% |        4155      3.35%     56.08% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3381      2.72%     61.76% |        3061      2.47%     64.23% |        3703      2.98%     67.21% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.62% |        3243      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3976      3.20%     88.16% |        5205      4.19%     92.35% |        5073      4.09%     96.44% |        4417      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       54839     11.96%     11.96% |       13608      2.97%     14.93% |       12421      2.71%     17.63% |       13346      2.91%     20.55% |       12538      2.73%     23.28% |       12398      2.70%     25.98% |       12032      2.62%     28.61% |       12310      2.68%     31.29% |       12702      2.77%     34.06% |       12586      2.74%     36.81% |       14735      3.21%     40.02% |       13066      2.85%     42.87% |       12632      2.75%     45.62% |       12593      2.75%     48.37% |       11969      2.61%     50.98% |       12359      2.70%     53.67% |       13471      2.94%     56.61% |       12472      2.72%     59.33% |       12872      2.81%     62.14% |       12906      2.81%     64.95% |       13395      2.92%     67.87% |       16549      3.61%     71.48% |       12539      2.73%     74.22% |       12664      2.76%     76.98% |       12606      2.75%     79.73% |       12740      2.78%     82.51% |       12264      2.67%     85.18% |       11985      2.61%     87.79% |       13019      2.84%     90.63% |       12360      2.70%     93.33% |       13355      2.91%     96.24% |       17236      3.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       458567                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22430      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16802      2.86%      9.92% |       18818      3.21%     13.13% |       16982      2.89%     16.03% |       17077      2.91%     18.94% |       16836      2.87%     21.81% |       17157      2.92%     24.73% |       17473      2.98%     27.71% |       17183      2.93%     30.64% |       17610      3.00%     33.64% |       17572      3.00%     36.64% |       17673      3.01%     39.65% |       17495      2.98%     42.63% |       17428      2.97%     45.60% |       17622      3.00%     48.61% |       17853      3.04%     51.65% |       17597      3.00%     54.65% |       17897      3.05%     57.70% |       18514      3.16%     60.85% |       18476      3.15%     64.00% |       20239      3.45%     67.45% |       18485      3.15%     70.60% |       18332      3.12%     73.73% |       18410      3.14%     76.87% |       18253      3.11%     79.98% |       18647      3.18%     83.16% |       18647      3.18%     86.34% |       19437      3.31%     89.65% |       19541      3.33%     92.98% |       20538      3.50%     96.48% |       20644      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       73554      7.47%      7.47% |       30774      3.13%     10.60% |       27409      2.78%     13.38% |       30308      3.08%     16.46% |       27716      2.81%     19.27% |       27628      2.81%     22.08% |       27051      2.75%     24.83% |       27656      2.81%     27.64% |       28358      2.88%     30.52% |       27979      2.84%     33.36% |       30509      3.10%     36.46% |       28841      2.93%     39.39% |       28463      2.89%     42.28% |       28262      2.87%     45.15% |       27554      2.80%     47.94% |       28163      2.86%     50.81% |       29255      2.97%     53.78% |       28263      2.87%     56.65% |       28896      2.93%     59.58% |       29580      3.00%     62.59% |       30022      3.05%     65.64% |       34936      3.55%     69.18% |       29230      2.97%     72.15% |       29189      2.96%     75.12% |       29192      2.96%     78.08% |       29181      2.96%     81.05% |       29080      2.95%     84.00% |       28809      2.93%     86.93% |       30607      3.11%     90.03% |       30069      3.05%     93.09% |       32027      3.25%     96.34% |       36032      3.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       984593                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          22      2.75%      2.75% |          37      4.63%      7.38% |          28      3.50%     10.89% |          30      3.75%     14.64% |          34      4.26%     18.90% |          29      3.63%     22.53% |          19      2.38%     24.91% |          25      3.13%     28.04% |          21      2.63%     30.66% |          31      3.88%     34.54% |          25      3.13%     37.67% |          32      4.01%     41.68% |          20      2.50%     44.18% |          30      3.75%     47.93% |          22      2.75%     50.69% |          33      4.13%     54.82% |          23      2.88%     57.70% |          16      2.00%     59.70% |          16      2.00%     61.70% |          26      3.25%     64.96% |          28      3.50%     68.46% |          22      2.75%     71.21% |          25      3.13%     74.34% |          28      3.50%     77.85% |          21      2.63%     80.48% |          28      3.50%     83.98% |          22      2.75%     86.73% |          19      2.38%     89.11% |          21      2.63%     91.74% |          20      2.50%     94.24% |          24      3.00%     97.25% |          22      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17072      3.86%      3.86% |       13689      3.10%      6.96% |       13724      3.11%     10.06% |       13701      3.10%     13.16% |       13712      3.10%     16.27% |       13723      3.10%     19.37% |       13698      3.10%     22.47% |       13708      3.10%     25.57% |       13711      3.10%     28.68% |       13735      3.11%     31.78% |       13710      3.10%     34.88% |       13709      3.10%     37.99% |       13691      3.10%     41.08% |       13699      3.10%     44.18% |       13718      3.10%     47.29% |       13698      3.10%     50.39% |       13777      3.12%     53.50% |       13719      3.10%     56.61% |       13717      3.10%     59.71% |       13703      3.10%     62.81% |       13697      3.10%     65.91% |       13733      3.11%     69.02% |       13718      3.10%     72.12% |       13709      3.10%     75.22% |       13723      3.10%     78.33% |       13721      3.10%     81.43% |       13703      3.10%     84.53% |       13695      3.10%     87.63% |       13678      3.09%     90.73% |       13663      3.09%     93.82% |       13653      3.09%     96.91% |       13673      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       441980                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        9629      3.22%      3.22% |        9396      3.14%      6.36% |        9369      3.13%      9.50% |        9334      3.12%     12.62% |        9280      3.10%     15.72% |        9247      3.09%     18.81% |        9317      3.12%     21.93% |        9309      3.11%     25.04% |        9318      3.12%     28.16% |        9347      3.13%     31.28% |        9410      3.15%     34.43% |        9335      3.12%     37.55% |        9379      3.14%     40.69% |        9334      3.12%     43.81% |        9333      3.12%     46.93% |        9282      3.10%     50.04% |        9460      3.16%     53.20% |        9317      3.12%     56.32% |        9332      3.12%     59.44% |        9326      3.12%     62.56% |        9311      3.11%     65.67% |        9307      3.11%     68.78% |        9295      3.11%     71.89% |        9287      3.11%     75.00% |        9327      3.12%     78.11% |        9368      3.13%     81.25% |        9354      3.13%     84.38% |        9295      3.11%     87.48% |        9363      3.13%     90.62% |        9364      3.13%     93.75% |        9359      3.13%     96.88% |        9338      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       299022                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27815      3.59%      3.59% |       24132      3.12%      6.71% |       24140      3.12%      9.82% |       24082      3.11%     12.93% |       24038      3.10%     16.04% |       24016      3.10%     19.14% |       24061      3.11%     22.24% |       24063      3.11%     25.35% |       24075      3.11%     28.46% |       24128      3.12%     31.57% |       24166      3.12%     34.69% |       24090      3.11%     37.80% |       24116      3.11%     40.92% |       24079      3.11%     44.03% |       24097      3.11%     47.14% |       24026      3.10%     50.24% |       24283      3.14%     53.37% |       24082      3.11%     56.48% |       24095      3.11%     59.59% |       24075      3.11%     62.70% |       24054      3.11%     65.81% |       24086      3.11%     68.92% |       24059      3.11%     72.02% |       24042      3.10%     75.13% |       24096      3.11%     78.24% |       24135      3.12%     81.35% |       24103      3.11%     84.47% |       24036      3.10%     87.57% |       24087      3.11%     90.68% |       24073      3.11%     93.79% |       24058      3.11%     96.89% |       24057      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       774545                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26791      3.61%      3.61% |       23108      3.12%      6.73% |       23116      3.12%      9.84% |       23058      3.11%     12.95% |       23014      3.10%     16.05% |       22992      3.10%     19.15% |       23037      3.11%     22.26% |       23039      3.11%     25.37% |       23051      3.11%     28.47% |       23104      3.11%     31.59% |       23142      3.12%     34.71% |       23066      3.11%     37.82% |       23092      3.11%     40.93% |       23055      3.11%     44.04% |       23073      3.11%     47.15% |       23002      3.10%     50.25% |       23259      3.14%     53.39% |       23058      3.11%     56.49% |       23071      3.11%     59.60% |       23051      3.11%     62.71% |       23030      3.10%     65.82% |       23062      3.11%     68.93% |       23035      3.11%     72.03% |       23018      3.10%     75.13% |       23072      3.11%     78.24% |       23111      3.12%     81.36% |       23079      3.11%     84.47% |       23012      3.10%     87.57% |       23063      3.11%     90.68% |       23049      3.11%     93.79% |       23034      3.11%     96.89% |       23033      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       741777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         895      3.75%      3.75% |         743      3.12%      6.87% |         720      3.02%      9.89% |         731      3.07%     12.95% |         706      2.96%     15.91% |         702      2.94%     18.86% |         737      3.09%     21.95% |         727      3.05%     25.00% |         735      3.08%     28.08% |         718      3.01%     31.09% |         738      3.09%     34.18% |         733      3.07%     37.26% |         740      3.10%     40.36% |         739      3.10%     43.46% |         712      2.99%     46.44% |         726      3.04%     49.49% |         824      3.46%     52.94% |         727      3.05%     55.99% |         743      3.12%     59.11% |         753      3.16%     62.27% |         754      3.16%     65.43% |         740      3.10%     68.53% |         733      3.07%     71.60% |         743      3.12%     74.72% |         743      3.12%     77.83% |         739      3.10%     80.93% |         750      3.14%     84.08% |         752      3.15%     87.23% |         765      3.21%     90.44% |         754      3.16%     93.60% |         774      3.25%     96.85% |         752      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        23848                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          11      5.79%      5.79% |           4      2.11%      7.89% |           6      3.16%     11.05% |          21     11.05%     22.11% |           8      4.21%     26.32% |           4      2.11%     28.42% |           3      1.58%     30.00% |           5      2.63%     32.63% |           4      2.11%     34.74% |           6      3.16%     37.89% |           8      4.21%     42.11% |           7      3.68%     45.79% |           3      1.58%     47.37% |           5      2.63%     50.00% |           5      2.63%     52.63% |           6      3.16%     55.79% |           4      2.11%     57.89% |           2      1.05%     58.95% |           1      0.53%     59.47% |          16      8.42%     67.89% |           7      3.68%     71.58% |           6      3.16%     74.74% |           5      2.63%     77.37% |           5      2.63%     80.00% |           2      1.05%     81.05% |           7      3.68%     84.74% |           7      3.68%     88.42% |           6      3.16%     91.58% |           4      2.11%     93.68% |           3      1.58%     95.26% |           5      2.63%     97.89% |           4      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          190                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          90     32.73%     32.73% |           1      0.36%     33.09% |           0      0.00%     33.09% |          19      6.91%     40.00% |           3      1.09%     41.09% |           3      1.09%     42.18% |           4      1.45%     43.64% |           3      1.09%     44.73% |           5      1.82%     46.55% |           3      1.09%     47.64% |           2      0.73%     48.36% |           2      0.73%     49.09% |           3      1.09%     50.18% |           3      1.09%     51.27% |           4      1.45%     52.73% |           3      1.09%     53.82% |          84     30.55%     84.36% |           0      0.00%     84.36% |           1      0.36%     84.73% |          12      4.36%     89.09% |           1      0.36%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           1      0.36%     89.82% |           2      0.73%     90.55% |           3      1.09%     91.64% |           5      1.82%     93.45% |           4      1.45%     94.91% |           5      1.82%     96.73% |           3      1.09%     97.82% |           2      0.73%     98.55% |           2      0.73%     99.27% |           2      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1171      3.55%      3.55% |        1019      3.09%      6.63% |        1025      3.10%      9.74% |        1021      3.09%     12.83% |        1012      3.06%     15.89% |         996      3.02%     18.91% |        1011      3.06%     21.97% |        1019      3.09%     25.05% |        1007      3.05%     28.10% |        1010      3.06%     31.16% |        1052      3.19%     34.35% |        1024      3.10%     37.45% |        1067      3.23%     40.68% |        1033      3.13%     43.81% |        1087      3.29%     47.10% |        1051      3.18%     50.28% |        1163      3.52%     53.80% |        1039      3.15%     56.95% |        1038      3.14%     60.09% |        1003      3.04%     63.13% |         986      2.99%     66.11% |        1022      3.09%     69.21% |         987      2.99%     72.20% |         982      2.97%     75.17% |        1027      3.11%     78.28% |        1039      3.15%     81.43% |        1040      3.15%     84.58% |         990      3.00%     87.57% |        1018      3.08%     90.66% |        1027      3.11%     93.77% |        1042      3.16%     96.92% |        1017      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        33025                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          91     32.97%     32.97% |           1      0.36%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          17      6.16%     39.49% |           3      1.09%     40.58% |           3      1.09%     41.67% |           4      1.45%     43.12% |           3      1.09%     44.20% |           5      1.81%     46.01% |           3      1.09%     47.10% |           2      0.72%     47.83% |           2      0.72%     48.55% |           3      1.09%     49.64% |           3      1.09%     50.72% |           4      1.45%     52.17% |           3      1.09%     53.26% |          84     30.43%     83.70% |           0      0.00%     83.70% |           1      0.36%     84.06% |          12      4.35%     88.41% |           1      0.36%     88.77% |           0      0.00%     88.77% |           1      0.36%     89.13% |           2      0.72%     89.86% |           3      1.09%     90.94% |           5      1.81%     92.75% |           4      1.45%     94.20% |           7      2.54%     96.74% |           3      1.09%     97.83% |           2      0.72%     98.55% |           2      0.72%     99.28% |           2      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          276                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75584      7.25%      7.25% |       32576      3.12%     10.37% |       29204      2.80%     13.18% |       32118      3.08%     16.26% |       29487      2.83%     19.08% |       29380      2.82%     21.90% |       28834      2.77%     24.67% |       29445      2.82%     27.49% |       30152      2.89%     30.38% |       29754      2.85%     33.24% |       32319      3.10%     36.34% |       30623      2.94%     39.28% |       30280      2.90%     42.18% |       30066      2.88%     45.06% |       29363      2.82%     47.88% |       29963      2.87%     50.75% |       31187      2.99%     53.75% |       30050      2.88%     56.63% |       30699      2.94%     59.57% |       31394      3.01%     62.58% |       31842      3.05%     65.64% |       36757      3.53%     69.16% |       31009      2.97%     72.14% |       30979      2.97%     75.11% |       30991      2.97%     78.08% |       30971      2.97%     81.05% |       30894      2.96%     84.01% |       30608      2.94%     86.95% |       32437      3.11%     90.06% |       31881      3.06%     93.12% |       33878      3.25%     96.37% |       37855      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1042580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         446      3.31%      3.31% |         421      3.12%      6.43% |         414      3.07%      9.49% |         405      3.00%     12.50% |         410      3.04%     15.54% |         401      2.97%     18.51% |         415      3.08%     21.58% |         418      3.10%     24.68% |         407      3.02%     27.70% |         417      3.09%     30.79% |         443      3.28%     34.07% |         434      3.22%     37.29% |         448      3.32%     40.61% |         426      3.16%     43.77% |         446      3.31%     47.07% |         440      3.26%     50.33% |         450      3.34%     53.67% |         440      3.26%     56.93% |         434      3.22%     60.15% |         405      3.00%     63.15% |         385      2.85%     66.00% |         409      3.03%     69.03% |         404      2.99%     72.03% |         395      2.93%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.12% |         447      3.31%     81.43% |         436      3.23%     84.66% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.08%     90.71% |         426      3.16%     93.87% |         425      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13492                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12355      4.34%      4.34% |        8849      3.11%      7.44% |        8860      3.11%     10.55% |        8808      3.09%     13.64% |        8764      3.08%     16.72% |        8746      3.07%     19.79% |        8773      3.08%     22.87% |        8778      3.08%     25.95% |        8796      3.09%     29.03% |        8833      3.10%     32.13% |        8865      3.11%     35.25% |        8776      3.08%     38.33% |        8799      3.09%     41.41% |        8780      3.08%     44.49% |        8785      3.08%     47.58% |        8727      3.06%     50.64% |        8894      3.12%     53.76% |        8765      3.08%     56.84% |        8785      3.08%     59.92% |        8791      3.09%     63.01% |        8778      3.08%     66.09% |        8781      3.08%     69.17% |        8790      3.08%     72.25% |        8771      3.08%     75.33% |        8781      3.08%     78.41% |        8811      3.09%     81.51% |        8786      3.08%     84.59% |        8764      3.08%     87.67% |        8808      3.09%     90.76% |        8784      3.08%     93.84% |        8760      3.07%     96.91% |        8794      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       284937                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       15014      3.15%      3.15% |       14862      3.12%      6.27% |       14866      3.12%      9.40% |       14869      3.12%     12.52% |       14864      3.12%     15.64% |       14869      3.12%     18.77% |       14873      3.12%     21.89% |       14867      3.12%     25.01% |       14872      3.12%     28.14% |       14878      3.12%     31.26% |       14858      3.12%     34.38% |       14880      3.13%     37.51% |       14869      3.12%     40.63% |       14873      3.12%     43.75% |       14866      3.12%     46.88% |       14859      3.12%     50.00% |       14939      3.14%     53.13% |       14877      3.12%     56.26% |       14876      3.12%     59.38% |       14879      3.13%     62.51% |       14891      3.13%     65.64% |       14896      3.13%     68.76% |       14865      3.12%     71.89% |       14876      3.12%     75.01% |       14888      3.13%     78.14% |       14877      3.12%     81.26% |       14881      3.13%     84.39% |       14871      3.12%     87.51% |       14864      3.12%     90.63% |       14863      3.12%     93.75% |       14873      3.12%     96.88% |       14861      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           8      2.91%      2.91% |          14      5.09%      8.00% |          12      4.36%     12.36% |          10      3.64%     16.00% |          14      5.09%     21.09% |          11      4.00%     25.09% |           6      2.18%     27.27% |          10      3.64%     30.91% |           5      1.82%     32.73% |           9      3.27%     36.00% |           8      2.91%     38.91% |          10      3.64%     42.55% |           4      1.45%     44.00% |          10      3.64%     47.64% |           6      2.18%     49.82% |          11      4.00%     53.82% |           5      1.82%     55.64% |           2      0.73%     56.36% |           5      1.82%     58.18% |          11      4.00%     62.18% |          10      3.64%     65.82% |           8      2.91%     68.73% |           9      3.27%     72.00% |          10      3.64%     75.64% |           6      2.18%     77.82% |          11      4.00%     81.82% |           8      2.91%     84.73% |           9      3.27%     88.00% |           9      3.27%     91.27% |           7      2.55%     93.82% |           8      2.91%     96.73% |           9      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1584     80.94%     80.94% |          12      0.61%     81.55% |          13      0.66%     82.22% |          23      1.18%     83.39% |          13      0.66%     84.06% |          82      4.19%     88.25% |          22      1.12%     89.37% |           8      0.41%     89.78% |           7      0.36%     90.14% |           0      0.00%     90.14% |          15      0.77%     90.90% |           3      0.15%     91.06% |           3      0.15%     91.21% |           3      0.15%     91.36% |          20      1.02%     92.39% |           2      0.10%     92.49% |          37      1.89%     94.38% |           5      0.26%     94.63% |          65      3.32%     97.96% |           3      0.15%     98.11% |           0      0.00%     98.11% |           5      0.26%     98.36% |           2      0.10%     98.47% |           2      0.10%     98.57% |           5      0.26%     98.82% |           8      0.41%     99.23% |           3      0.15%     99.39% |           3      0.15%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           1      0.05%     99.59% |           8      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1957                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          85     32.20%     32.20% |           2      0.76%     32.95% |           1      0.38%     33.33% |           8      3.03%     36.36% |           3      1.14%     37.50% |           5      1.89%     39.39% |           6      2.27%     41.67% |           3      1.14%     42.80% |           5      1.89%     44.70% |           3      1.14%     45.83% |           2      0.76%     46.59% |           2      0.76%     47.35% |           4      1.52%     48.86% |           3      1.14%     50.00% |           5      1.89%     51.89% |           3      1.14%     53.03% |          84     31.82%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           2      0.76%     85.61% |           4      1.52%     87.12% |           1      0.38%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      0.38%     87.88% |           2      0.76%     88.64% |           4      1.52%     90.15% |           5      1.89%     92.05% |           5      1.89%     93.94% |           6      2.27%     96.21% |           3      1.14%     97.35% |           2      0.76%     98.11% |           2      0.76%     98.86% |           3      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          264                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         451      3.34%      3.34% |         421      3.12%      6.46% |         411      3.04%      9.50% |         414      3.07%     12.57% |         411      3.04%     15.61% |         402      2.98%     18.59% |         418      3.10%     21.69% |         417      3.09%     24.77% |         407      3.01%     27.79% |         415      3.07%     30.86% |         445      3.30%     34.16% |         435      3.22%     37.38% |         446      3.30%     40.68% |         426      3.16%     43.84% |         446      3.30%     47.14% |         438      3.24%     50.39% |         448      3.32%     53.70% |         439      3.25%     56.95% |         432      3.20%     60.15% |         409      3.03%     63.18% |         385      2.85%     66.03% |         407      3.01%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         398      2.95%     74.99% |         430      3.18%     78.17% |         449      3.33%     81.50% |         436      3.23%     84.73% |         400      2.96%     87.69% |         413      3.06%     90.75% |         424      3.14%     93.89% |         422      3.13%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       40799     23.85%     23.85% |        4738      2.77%     26.62% |        3542      2.07%     28.69% |        4492      2.63%     31.31% |        3746      2.19%     33.50% |        3561      2.08%     35.59% |        3227      1.89%     37.47% |        3514      2.05%     39.53% |        3886      2.27%     41.80% |        3742      2.19%     43.99% |        5845      3.42%     47.40% |        4277      2.50%     49.90% |        3814      2.23%     52.13% |        3798      2.22%     54.35% |        3153      1.84%     56.19% |        3617      2.11%     58.31% |        4444      2.60%     60.91% |        3692      2.16%     63.06% |        4012      2.35%     65.41% |        4091      2.39%     67.80% |        4604      2.69%     70.49% |        7744      4.53%     75.02% |        3737      2.18%     77.20% |        3878      2.27%     79.47% |        3802      2.22%     81.69% |        3908      2.28%     83.98% |        3459      2.02%     86.00% |        3197      1.87%     87.87% |        4195      2.45%     90.32% |        3559      2.08%     92.40% |        4581      2.68%     95.08% |        8419      4.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       171073                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7379      6.69%      6.69% |        4121      3.73%     10.42% |        1934      1.75%     12.17% |        3946      3.58%     15.75% |        2113      1.91%     17.66% |        2204      2.00%     19.66% |        1961      1.78%     21.44% |        2286      2.07%     23.51% |        2597      2.35%     25.86% |        2301      2.09%     27.95% |        2751      2.49%     30.44% |        2689      2.44%     32.88% |        2794      2.53%     35.41% |        2615      2.37%     37.78% |        2557      2.32%     40.10% |        2760      2.50%     42.60% |        2895      2.62%     45.22% |        2714      2.46%     47.68% |        3013      2.73%     50.41% |        3630      3.29%     53.70% |        3569      3.23%     56.93% |        5336      4.84%     61.77% |        3617      3.28%     65.05% |        3454      3.13%     68.18% |        3519      3.19%     71.36% |        3375      3.06%     74.42% |        3765      3.41%     77.83% |        3772      3.42%     81.25% |        4570      4.14%     85.39% |        4675      4.24%     89.63% |        5664      5.13%     94.76% |        5781      5.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       110357                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       16940      3.85%      3.85% |       13640      3.10%      6.95% |       13674      3.11%     10.05% |       13642      3.10%     13.15% |       13659      3.10%     16.25% |       13667      3.10%     19.36% |       13641      3.10%     22.46% |       13655      3.10%     25.56% |       13658      3.10%     28.66% |       13679      3.11%     31.77% |       13655      3.10%     34.87% |       13654      3.10%     37.97% |       13636      3.10%     41.07% |       13653      3.10%     44.17% |       13670      3.11%     47.27% |       13655      3.10%     50.37% |       13648      3.10%     53.47% |       13677      3.11%     56.58% |       13669      3.10%     59.69% |       13656      3.10%     62.79% |       13650      3.10%     65.89% |       13688      3.11%     69.00% |       13674      3.11%     72.10% |       13663      3.10%     75.21% |       13677      3.11%     78.31% |       13675      3.11%     81.42% |       13656      3.10%     84.52% |       13652      3.10%     87.62% |       13635      3.10%     90.72% |       13618      3.09%     93.81% |       13608      3.09%     96.90% |       13631      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       440255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        7830      3.21%      3.21% |        7680      3.15%      6.36% |        7668      3.14%      9.50% |        7637      3.13%     12.63% |        7610      3.12%     15.75% |        7604      3.12%     18.86% |        7627      3.13%     21.99% |        7615      3.12%     25.11% |        7630      3.13%     28.24% |        7672      3.14%     31.38% |        7669      3.14%     34.52% |        7628      3.13%     37.65% |        7627      3.13%     40.77% |        7606      3.12%     43.89% |        7581      3.11%     47.00% |        7545      3.09%     50.09% |        7682      3.15%     53.24% |        7591      3.11%     56.35% |        7599      3.11%     59.46% |        7613      3.12%     62.58% |        7612      3.12%     65.70% |        7584      3.11%     68.81% |        7615      3.12%     71.93% |        7606      3.12%     75.05% |        7604      3.12%     78.16% |        7634      3.13%     81.29% |        7608      3.12%     84.41% |        7597      3.11%     87.52% |        7622      3.12%     90.65% |        7627      3.13%     93.77% |        7585      3.11%     96.88% |        7609      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       244017                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          91     32.97%     32.97% |           1      0.36%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          17      6.16%     39.49% |           3      1.09%     40.58% |           3      1.09%     41.67% |           4      1.45%     43.12% |           3      1.09%     44.20% |           5      1.81%     46.01% |           3      1.09%     47.10% |           2      0.72%     47.83% |           2      0.72%     48.55% |           3      1.09%     49.64% |           3      1.09%     50.72% |           4      1.45%     52.17% |           3      1.09%     53.26% |          84     30.43%     83.70% |           0      0.00%     83.70% |           1      0.36%     84.06% |          12      4.35%     88.41% |           1      0.36%     88.77% |           0      0.00%     88.77% |           1      0.36%     89.13% |           2      0.72%     89.86% |           3      1.09%     90.94% |           5      1.81%     92.75% |           4      1.45%     94.20% |           7      2.54%     96.74% |           3      1.09%     97.83% |           2      0.72%     98.55% |           2      0.72%     99.28% |           2      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          276                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          34     70.83%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |          14     29.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       73554      7.47%      7.47% |       30774      3.13%     10.60% |       27409      2.78%     13.38% |       30308      3.08%     16.46% |       27716      2.81%     19.27% |       27628      2.81%     22.08% |       27051      2.75%     24.83% |       27656      2.81%     27.64% |       28358      2.88%     30.52% |       27979      2.84%     33.36% |       30509      3.10%     36.46% |       28841      2.93%     39.39% |       28463      2.89%     42.28% |       28262      2.87%     45.15% |       27554      2.80%     47.94% |       28163      2.86%     50.81% |       29255      2.97%     53.78% |       28263      2.87%     56.65% |       28896      2.93%     59.58% |       29580      3.00%     62.59% |       30022      3.05%     65.64% |       34936      3.55%     69.18% |       29230      2.97%     72.15% |       29189      2.96%     75.12% |       29192      2.96%     78.08% |       29181      2.96%     81.05% |       29080      2.95%     84.00% |       28809      2.93%     86.93% |       30607      3.11%     90.03% |       30069      3.05%     93.09% |       32027      3.25%     96.34% |       36032      3.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       984593                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          47      3.22%      3.22% |          47      3.22%      6.43% |          49      3.35%      9.79% |          51      3.49%     13.28% |          50      3.42%     16.70% |          51      3.49%     20.19% |          51      3.49%     23.68% |          50      3.42%     27.10% |          48      3.29%     30.39% |          53      3.63%     34.02% |          53      3.63%     37.65% |          53      3.63%     41.27% |          51      3.49%     44.76% |          43      2.94%     47.71% |          43      2.94%     50.65% |          40      2.74%     53.39% |          45      3.08%     56.47% |          42      2.87%     59.34% |          46      3.15%     62.49% |          43      2.94%     65.43% |          46      3.15%     68.58% |          45      3.08%     71.66% |          43      2.94%     74.61% |          44      3.01%     77.62% |          42      2.87%     80.49% |          41      2.81%     83.30% |          42      2.87%     86.17% |          37      2.53%     88.71% |          40      2.74%     91.44% |          43      2.94%     94.39% |          43      2.94%     97.33% |          39      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total         1461                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        1348      3.25%      3.25% |        1295      3.12%      6.37% |        1290      3.11%      9.48% |        1283      3.09%     12.57% |        1259      3.03%     15.60% |        1241      2.99%     18.59% |        1272      3.06%     21.66% |        1277      3.08%     24.73% |        1281      3.09%     27.82% |        1260      3.04%     30.86% |        1296      3.12%     33.98% |        1272      3.06%     37.04% |        1306      3.15%     40.19% |        1302      3.14%     43.33% |        1306      3.15%     46.47% |        1299      3.13%     49.60% |        1330      3.20%     52.81% |        1287      3.10%     55.91% |        1301      3.13%     59.04% |        1304      3.14%     62.19% |        1314      3.17%     65.35% |        1316      3.17%     68.52% |        1276      3.07%     71.60% |        1283      3.09%     74.69% |        1293      3.12%     77.80% |        1285      3.10%     80.90% |        1310      3.16%     84.06% |        1298      3.13%     87.18% |        1328      3.20%     90.38% |        1313      3.16%     93.55% |        1352      3.26%     96.81% |        1326      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        41503                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           0      0.00%      3.85% |           0      0.00%      3.85% |           0      0.00%      3.85% |           1      3.85%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           7     26.92%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           8     30.77%     65.38% |           2      7.69%     73.08% |           7     26.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          10      3.14%      3.14% |           8      2.52%      5.66% |           6      1.89%      7.55% |           6      1.89%      9.43% |          12      3.77%     13.21% |           6      1.89%     15.09% |           6      1.89%     16.98% |           7      2.20%     19.18% |           8      2.52%     21.70% |           8      2.52%     24.21% |           8      2.52%     26.73% |           8      2.52%     29.25% |          13      4.09%     33.33% |           9      2.83%     36.16% |           7      2.20%     38.36% |          10      3.14%     41.51% |          12      3.77%     45.28% |          10      3.14%     48.43% |           9      2.83%     51.26% |           9      2.83%     54.09% |          12      3.77%     57.86% |          13      4.09%     61.95% |           9      2.83%     64.78% |          11      3.46%     68.24% |          15      4.72%     72.96% |           8      2.52%     75.47% |          12      3.77%     79.25% |          14      4.40%     83.65% |          13      4.09%     87.74% |          15      4.72%     92.45% |          11      3.46%     95.91% |          13      4.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          318                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.99%      0.99% |           1      0.99%      1.98% |           5      4.95%      6.93% |           4      3.96%     10.89% |           2      1.98%     12.87% |           4      3.96%     16.83% |           3      2.97%     19.80% |           4      3.96%     23.76% |           1      0.99%     24.75% |           3      2.97%     27.72% |           6      5.94%     33.66% |           7      6.93%     40.59% |           4      3.96%     44.55% |           3      2.97%     47.52% |           5      4.95%     52.48% |           5      4.95%     57.43% |           5      4.95%     62.38% |           4      3.96%     66.34% |          13     12.87%     79.21% |           2      1.98%     81.19% |           3      2.97%     84.16% |           2      1.98%     86.14% |           2      1.98%     88.12% |           1      0.99%     89.11% |           0      0.00%     89.11% |           2      1.98%     91.09% |           3      2.97%     94.06% |           3      2.97%     97.03% |           1      0.99%     98.02% |           2      1.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           6      2.16%      2.16% |          10      3.60%      5.76% |           5      1.80%      7.55% |          11      3.96%     11.51% |           6      2.16%     13.67% |           7      2.52%     16.19% |           8      2.88%     19.06% |           6      2.16%     21.22% |          11      3.96%     25.18% |          14      5.04%     30.22% |          10      3.60%     33.81% |          14      5.04%     38.85% |          12      4.32%     43.17% |          10      3.60%     46.76% |          10      3.60%     50.36% |          11      3.96%     54.32% |          13      4.68%     58.99% |          12      4.32%     63.31% |           7      2.52%     65.83% |           6      2.16%     67.99% |           8      2.88%     70.86% |           7      2.52%     73.38% |           8      2.88%     76.26% |           9      3.24%     79.50% |           9      3.24%     82.73% |           9      3.24%     85.97% |           7      2.52%     88.49% |           4      1.44%     89.93% |           5      1.80%     91.73% |           7      2.52%     94.24% |           9      3.24%     97.48% |           7      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          278                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26791      3.61%      3.61% |       23108      3.12%      6.73% |       23116      3.12%      9.84% |       23058      3.11%     12.95% |       23014      3.10%     16.05% |       22992      3.10%     19.15% |       23037      3.11%     22.26% |       23039      3.11%     25.37% |       23051      3.11%     28.47% |       23104      3.11%     31.59% |       23142      3.12%     34.71% |       23066      3.11%     37.82% |       23092      3.11%     40.93% |       23055      3.11%     44.04% |       23073      3.11%     47.15% |       23002      3.10%     50.25% |       23259      3.14%     53.39% |       23058      3.11%     56.49% |       23071      3.11%     59.60% |       23051      3.11%     62.71% |       23030      3.10%     65.82% |       23062      3.11%     68.93% |       23035      3.11%     72.03% |       23018      3.10%     75.13% |       23072      3.11%     78.24% |       23111      3.12%     81.36% |       23079      3.11%     84.47% |       23012      3.10%     87.57% |       23063      3.11%     90.68% |       23049      3.11%     93.79% |       23034      3.11%     96.89% |       23033      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       741777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           1      7.69%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           1      7.69%     30.77% |           2     15.38%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           2     15.38%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     53.47%     53.47% |           1      0.99%     54.46% |           3      2.97%     57.43% |           1      0.99%     58.42% |           1      0.99%     59.41% |           1      0.99%     60.40% |           3      2.97%     63.37% |           0      0.00%     63.37% |           0      0.00%     63.37% |           1      0.99%     64.36% |           3      2.97%     67.33% |           2      1.98%     69.31% |           0      0.00%     69.31% |           0      0.00%     69.31% |           1      0.99%     70.30% |           1      0.99%     71.29% |           1      0.99%     72.28% |           1      0.99%     73.27% |           5      4.95%     78.22% |           2      1.98%     80.20% |           1      0.99%     81.19% |           2      1.98%     83.17% |           2      1.98%     85.15% |           1      0.99%     86.14% |           2      1.98%     88.12% |           1      0.99%     89.11% |           2      1.98%     91.09% |           2      1.98%     93.07% |           3      2.97%     96.04% |           2      1.98%     98.02% |           2      1.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           1      5.26%     10.53% |           1      5.26%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           2     10.53%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          47      3.36%      3.36% |          45      3.22%      6.58% |          45      3.22%      9.80% |          49      3.51%     13.30% |          48      3.43%     16.74% |          50      3.58%     20.31% |          48      3.43%     23.75% |          50      3.58%     27.32% |          47      3.36%     30.69% |          51      3.65%     34.33% |          48      3.43%     37.77% |          50      3.58%     41.34% |          50      3.58%     44.92% |          43      3.08%     48.00% |          42      3.00%     51.00% |          39      2.79%     53.79% |          44      3.15%     56.94% |          41      2.93%     59.87% |          41      2.93%     62.80% |          41      2.93%     65.74% |          43      3.08%     68.81% |          43      3.08%     71.89% |          41      2.93%     74.82% |          43      3.08%     77.90% |          40      2.86%     80.76% |          39      2.79%     83.55% |          39      2.79%     86.34% |          35      2.50%     88.84% |          37      2.65%     91.49% |          41      2.93%     94.42% |          40      2.86%     97.28% |          38      2.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total         1398                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           5     71.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           8      3.43%      3.43% |          13      5.58%      9.01% |          11      4.72%     13.73% |           9      3.86%     17.60% |          13      5.58%     23.18% |          11      4.72%     27.90% |           5      2.15%     30.04% |           8      3.43%     33.48% |           4      1.72%     35.19% |           7      3.00%     38.20% |           5      2.15%     40.34% |           7      3.00%     43.35% |           3      1.29%     44.64% |          10      4.29%     48.93% |           6      2.58%     51.50% |          11      4.72%     56.22% |           5      2.15%     58.37% |           2      0.86%     59.23% |           4      1.72%     60.94% |           9      3.86%     64.81% |           8      3.43%     68.24% |           7      3.00%     71.24% |           8      3.43%     74.68% |           8      3.43%     78.11% |           6      2.58%     80.69% |           8      3.43%     84.12% |           7      3.00%     87.12% |           6      2.58%     89.70% |           7      3.00%     92.70% |           6      2.58%     95.28% |           6      2.58%     97.85% |           5      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          233                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         758      3.22%      3.22% |         741      3.15%      6.38% |         717      3.05%      9.43% |         727      3.09%     12.52% |         702      2.99%     15.51% |         698      2.97%     18.48% |         730      3.11%     21.58% |         724      3.08%     24.66% |         730      3.11%     27.77% |         714      3.04%     30.80% |         733      3.12%     33.92% |         729      3.10%     37.02% |         737      3.14%     40.16% |         736      3.13%     43.29% |         707      3.01%     46.30% |         722      3.07%     49.37% |         739      3.14%     52.51% |         726      3.09%     55.60% |         737      3.14%     58.74% |         751      3.19%     61.93% |         752      3.20%     65.13% |         738      3.14%     68.27% |         730      3.11%     71.37% |         740      3.15%     74.52% |         738      3.14%     77.66% |         733      3.12%     80.78% |         744      3.17%     83.95% |         745      3.17%     87.11% |         759      3.23%     90.34% |         750      3.19%     93.53% |         770      3.28%     96.81% |         750      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        23507                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           2      1.48%      1.48% |           3      2.22%      3.70% |           5      3.70%      7.41% |           6      4.44%     11.85% |           7      5.19%     17.04% |           4      2.96%     20.00% |           3      2.22%     22.22% |           4      2.96%     25.19% |           3      2.22%     27.41% |           5      3.70%     31.11% |           6      4.44%     35.56% |           6      4.44%     40.00% |           2      1.48%     41.48% |           5      3.70%     45.19% |           5      3.70%     48.89% |           6      4.44%     53.33% |           4      2.96%     56.30% |           2      1.48%     57.78% |           1      0.74%     58.52% |           4      2.96%     61.48% |           5      3.70%     65.19% |           6      4.44%     69.63% |           5      3.70%     73.33% |           4      2.96%     76.30% |           2      1.48%     77.78% |           6      4.44%     82.22% |           6      4.44%     86.67% |           4      2.96%     89.63% |           4      2.96%     92.59% |           3      2.22%     94.81% |           4      2.96%     97.78% |           3      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         588      3.29%      3.29% |         551      3.08%      6.38% |         568      3.18%      9.56% |         550      3.08%     12.64% |         550      3.08%     15.72% |         539      3.02%     18.73% |         539      3.02%     21.75% |         549      3.07%     24.83% |         548      3.07%     27.89% |         541      3.03%     30.92% |         557      3.12%     34.04% |         537      3.01%     37.05% |         567      3.17%     40.22% |         561      3.14%     43.36% |         594      3.33%     46.69% |         571      3.20%     49.89% |         587      3.29%     53.17% |         559      3.13%     56.30% |         563      3.15%     59.45% |         549      3.07%     62.53% |         557      3.12%     65.65% |         572      3.20%     68.85% |         541      3.03%     71.88% |         539      3.02%     74.90% |         553      3.10%     77.99% |         546      3.06%     81.05% |         560      3.14%     84.18% |         549      3.07%     87.26% |         565      3.16%     90.42% |         560      3.14%     93.56% |         578      3.24%     96.79% |         573      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        17861                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           5     21.74%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |          10     43.48%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           8     34.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         451      3.34%      3.34% |         421      3.12%      6.46% |         411      3.04%      9.50% |         414      3.07%     12.57% |         411      3.04%     15.61% |         402      2.98%     18.59% |         418      3.10%     21.69% |         417      3.09%     24.77% |         407      3.01%     27.79% |         415      3.07%     30.86% |         445      3.30%     34.16% |         435      3.22%     37.38% |         446      3.30%     40.68% |         426      3.16%     43.84% |         446      3.30%     47.14% |         438      3.24%     50.39% |         448      3.32%     53.70% |         439      3.25%     56.95% |         432      3.20%     60.15% |         409      3.03%     63.18% |         385      2.85%     66.03% |         407      3.01%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         398      2.95%     74.99% |         430      3.18%     78.17% |         449      3.33%     81.50% |         436      3.23%     84.73% |         400      2.96%     87.69% |         413      3.06%     90.75% |         424      3.14%     93.89% |         422      3.13%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          85     33.73%     33.73% |           1      0.40%     34.13% |           0      0.00%     34.13% |           9      3.57%     37.70% |           3      1.19%     38.89% |           3      1.19%     40.08% |           4      1.59%     41.67% |           3      1.19%     42.86% |           5      1.98%     44.84% |           3      1.19%     46.03% |           2      0.79%     46.83% |           2      0.79%     47.62% |           3      1.19%     48.81% |           3      1.19%     50.00% |           4      1.59%     51.59% |           3      1.19%     52.78% |          84     33.33%     86.11% |           0      0.00%     86.11% |           1      0.40%     86.51% |           4      1.59%     88.10% |           1      0.40%     88.49% |           0      0.00%     88.49% |           1      0.40%     88.89% |           2      0.79%     89.68% |           3      1.19%     90.87% |           5      1.98%     92.86% |           4      1.59%     94.44% |           5      1.98%     96.43% |           3      1.19%     97.62% |           2      0.79%     98.41% |           2      0.79%     99.21% |           2      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          252                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          85     32.20%     32.20% |           2      0.76%     32.95% |           1      0.38%     33.33% |           8      3.03%     36.36% |           3      1.14%     37.50% |           5      1.89%     39.39% |           6      2.27%     41.67% |           3      1.14%     42.80% |           5      1.89%     44.70% |           3      1.14%     45.83% |           2      0.76%     46.59% |           2      0.76%     47.35% |           4      1.52%     48.86% |           3      1.14%     50.00% |           5      1.89%     51.89% |           3      1.14%     53.03% |          84     31.82%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           2      0.76%     85.61% |           4      1.52%     87.12% |           1      0.38%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      0.38%     87.88% |           2      0.76%     88.64% |           4      1.52%     90.15% |           5      1.89%     92.05% |           5      1.89%     93.94% |           6      2.27%     96.21% |           3      1.14%     97.35% |           2      0.76%     98.11% |           2      0.76%     98.86% |           3      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          264                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12355      4.34%      4.34% |        8849      3.11%      7.44% |        8860      3.11%     10.55% |        8808      3.09%     13.64% |        8764      3.08%     16.72% |        8746      3.07%     19.79% |        8773      3.08%     22.87% |        8778      3.08%     25.95% |        8796      3.09%     29.03% |        8833      3.10%     32.13% |        8865      3.11%     35.25% |        8776      3.08%     38.33% |        8799      3.09%     41.41% |        8780      3.08%     44.49% |        8785      3.08%     47.58% |        8727      3.06%     50.64% |        8894      3.12%     53.76% |        8765      3.08%     56.84% |        8785      3.08%     59.92% |        8791      3.09%     63.01% |        8778      3.08%     66.09% |        8781      3.08%     69.17% |        8790      3.08%     72.25% |        8771      3.08%     75.33% |        8781      3.08%     78.41% |        8811      3.09%     81.51% |        8786      3.08%     84.59% |        8764      3.08%     87.67% |        8808      3.09%     90.76% |        8784      3.08%     93.84% |        8760      3.07%     96.91% |        8794      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       284937                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         446      3.31%      3.31% |         421      3.12%      6.43% |         414      3.07%      9.49% |         405      3.00%     12.50% |         410      3.04%     15.54% |         401      2.97%     18.51% |         415      3.08%     21.58% |         418      3.10%     24.68% |         407      3.02%     27.70% |         417      3.09%     30.79% |         443      3.28%     34.07% |         434      3.22%     37.29% |         448      3.32%     40.61% |         426      3.16%     43.77% |         446      3.31%     47.07% |         440      3.26%     50.33% |         450      3.34%     53.67% |         440      3.26%     56.93% |         434      3.22%     60.15% |         405      3.00%     63.15% |         385      2.85%     66.00% |         409      3.03%     69.03% |         404      2.99%     72.03% |         395      2.93%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.12% |         447      3.31%     81.43% |         436      3.23%     84.66% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.08%     90.71% |         426      3.16%     93.87% |         425      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13492                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       15014      3.15%      3.15% |       14862      3.12%      6.27% |       14866      3.12%      9.40% |       14869      3.12%     12.52% |       14864      3.12%     15.64% |       14869      3.12%     18.77% |       14873      3.12%     21.89% |       14867      3.12%     25.01% |       14872      3.12%     28.14% |       14878      3.12%     31.26% |       14858      3.12%     34.38% |       14880      3.13%     37.51% |       14869      3.12%     40.63% |       14873      3.12%     43.75% |       14866      3.12%     46.88% |       14859      3.12%     50.00% |       14939      3.14%     53.13% |       14877      3.12%     56.26% |       14876      3.12%     59.38% |       14879      3.13%     62.51% |       14891      3.13%     65.64% |       14896      3.13%     68.76% |       14865      3.12%     71.89% |       14876      3.12%     75.01% |       14888      3.13%     78.14% |       14877      3.12%     81.26% |       14881      3.13%     84.39% |       14871      3.12%     87.51% |       14864      3.12%     90.63% |       14863      3.12%     93.75% |       14873      3.12%     96.88% |       14861      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75581      7.25%      7.25% |       32570      3.12%     10.37% |       29202      2.80%     13.17% |       32115      3.08%     16.26% |       29487      2.83%     19.08% |       29380      2.82%     21.90% |       28834      2.77%     24.67% |       29445      2.82%     27.49% |       30151      2.89%     30.38% |       29754      2.85%     33.24% |       32319      3.10%     36.34% |       30622      2.94%     39.28% |       30276      2.90%     42.18% |       30066      2.88%     45.06% |       29361      2.82%     47.88% |       29963      2.87%     50.75% |       31186      2.99%     53.75% |       30048      2.88%     56.63% |       30686      2.94%     59.57% |       31391      3.01%     62.58% |       31842      3.05%     65.64% |       36757      3.53%     69.16% |       31009      2.97%     72.14% |       30979      2.97%     75.11% |       30990      2.97%     78.08% |       30971      2.97%     81.05% |       30891      2.96%     84.01% |       30604      2.94%     86.95% |       32437      3.11%     90.06% |       31881      3.06%     93.12% |       33878      3.25%     96.37% |       37855      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1042531                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |          78     34.67%     34.67% |           1      0.44%     35.11% |           0      0.00%     35.11% |           3      1.33%     36.44% |           3      1.33%     37.78% |           3      1.33%     39.11% |           4      1.78%     40.89% |           3      1.33%     42.22% |           5      2.22%     44.44% |           3      1.33%     45.78% |           2      0.89%     46.67% |           2      0.89%     47.56% |           3      1.33%     48.89% |           2      0.89%     49.78% |           4      1.78%     51.56% |           3      1.33%     52.89% |          77     34.22%     87.11% |           0      0.00%     87.11% |           1      0.44%     87.56% |           0      0.00%     87.56% |           1      0.44%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |           1      0.44%     88.44% |           2      0.89%     89.33% |           3      1.33%     90.67% |           5      2.22%     92.89% |           3      1.33%     94.22% |           4      1.78%     96.00% |           3      1.33%     97.33% |           2      0.89%     98.22% |           2      0.89%     99.11% |           2      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total          225                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           8     22.22%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |          14     38.89%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |          12     33.33%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           2      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           5     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           7     46.67%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           5     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           7     46.67%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          86     32.95%     32.95% |           1      0.38%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          17      6.51%     39.85% |           3      1.15%     41.00% |           3      1.15%     42.15% |           4      1.53%     43.68% |           3      1.15%     44.83% |           5      1.92%     46.74% |           3      1.15%     47.89% |           2      0.77%     48.66% |           2      0.77%     49.43% |           3      1.15%     50.57% |           2      0.77%     51.34% |           4      1.53%     52.87% |           3      1.15%     54.02% |          77     29.50%     83.52% |           0      0.00%     83.52% |           1      0.38%     83.91% |          12      4.60%     88.51% |           1      0.38%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      0.38%     89.27% |           2      0.77%     90.04% |           3      1.15%     91.19% |           5      1.92%     93.10% |           3      1.15%     94.25% |           6      2.30%     96.55% |           3      1.15%     97.70% |           2      0.77%     98.47% |           2      0.77%     99.23% |           2      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          261                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       64879     17.81%     17.81% |      182171     50.00%     67.81% |        4160      1.14%     68.95% |        5073      1.39%     70.34% |        3953      1.08%     71.43% |        5157      1.42%     72.84% |        4915      1.35%     74.19% |        4089      1.12%     75.31% |        3559      0.98%     76.29% |        3623      0.99%     77.28% |        3665      1.01%     78.29% |        3759      1.03%     79.32% |        3850      1.06%     80.38% |        3798      1.04%     81.42% |        3711      1.02%     82.44% |        3613      0.99%     83.43% |        3774      1.04%     84.47% |        3982      1.09%     85.56% |        3878      1.06%     86.62% |        3773      1.04%     87.66% |        3551      0.97%     88.63% |        3576      0.98%     89.62% |        3752      1.03%     90.65% |        3361      0.92%     91.57% |        3610      0.99%     92.56% |        3796      1.04%     93.60% |        3613      0.99%     94.59% |        3490      0.96%     95.55% |        3765      1.03%     96.58% |        3875      1.06%     97.65% |        4403      1.21%     98.86% |        4168      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       364342                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       64879     17.81%     17.81% |      182171     50.00%     67.81% |        4160      1.14%     68.95% |        5073      1.39%     70.34% |        3953      1.08%     71.43% |        5157      1.42%     72.84% |        4915      1.35%     74.19% |        4089      1.12%     75.31% |        3559      0.98%     76.29% |        3623      0.99%     77.28% |        3665      1.01%     78.29% |        3759      1.03%     79.32% |        3850      1.06%     80.38% |        3798      1.04%     81.42% |        3711      1.02%     82.44% |        3613      0.99%     83.43% |        3774      1.04%     84.47% |        3982      1.09%     85.56% |        3878      1.06%     86.62% |        3773      1.04%     87.66% |        3551      0.97%     88.63% |        3576      0.98%     89.62% |        3752      1.03%     90.65% |        3361      0.92%     91.57% |        3610      0.99%     92.56% |        3796      1.04%     93.60% |        3613      0.99%     94.59% |        3490      0.96%     95.55% |        3765      1.03%     96.58% |        3875      1.06%     97.65% |        4403      1.21%     98.86% |        4168      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       364342                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       64879     17.81%     17.81% |      182171     50.00%     67.81% |        4160      1.14%     68.95% |        5073      1.39%     70.34% |        3953      1.08%     71.43% |        5157      1.42%     72.84% |        4915      1.35%     74.19% |        4089      1.12%     75.31% |        3559      0.98%     76.29% |        3623      0.99%     77.28% |        3665      1.01%     78.29% |        3759      1.03%     79.32% |        3850      1.06%     80.38% |        3798      1.04%     81.42% |        3711      1.02%     82.44% |        3613      0.99%     83.43% |        3774      1.04%     84.47% |        3982      1.09%     85.56% |        3878      1.06%     86.62% |        3773      1.04%     87.66% |        3551      0.97%     88.63% |        3576      0.98%     89.62% |        3752      1.03%     90.65% |        3361      0.92%     91.57% |        3610      0.99%     92.56% |        3796      1.04%     93.60% |        3613      0.99%     94.59% |        3490      0.96%     95.55% |        3765      1.03%     96.58% |        3875      1.06%     97.65% |        4403      1.21%     98.86% |        4168      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       364342                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       64879     17.81%     17.81% |      182171     50.00%     67.81% |        4160      1.14%     68.95% |        5073      1.39%     70.34% |        3953      1.08%     71.43% |        5157      1.42%     72.84% |        4915      1.35%     74.19% |        4089      1.12%     75.31% |        3559      0.98%     76.29% |        3623      0.99%     77.28% |        3665      1.01%     78.29% |        3759      1.03%     79.32% |        3850      1.06%     80.38% |        3798      1.04%     81.42% |        3711      1.02%     82.44% |        3613      0.99%     83.43% |        3774      1.04%     84.47% |        3982      1.09%     85.56% |        3878      1.06%     86.62% |        3773      1.04%     87.66% |        3551      0.97%     88.63% |        3576      0.98%     89.62% |        3752      1.03%     90.65% |        3361      0.92%     91.57% |        3610      0.99%     92.56% |        3796      1.04%     93.60% |        3613      0.99%     94.59% |        3490      0.96%     95.55% |        3765      1.03%     96.58% |        3875      1.06%     97.65% |        4403      1.21%     98.86% |        4168      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       364342                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
