
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.122750                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                122749960000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5298918038500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  23382                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    41065                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               49143789                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6329100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2497.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    58402597                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     102570122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     40707008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          40707008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19213376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19213376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       636047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             636047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       300209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            300209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    331625428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            331625428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    156524499                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           156524499                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    488149927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           488149927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     636047                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    300209                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   636047                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  300209                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              40678848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  28160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19213312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               40707008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19213376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            39545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            39540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            39690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            40285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            39216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            39509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            40630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            40323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            39126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            39280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           39553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           40423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           39039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           39201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           40153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           40094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            18599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            18727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            18938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            18961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            18661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            18792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            18987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            18443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            18661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           18773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           18820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           18611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           18965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           18704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     3515                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     5793                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 122749460000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               636047                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              300209                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 210025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  54734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  46447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  41470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  36826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  32940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  29328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  25684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  21821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  18953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 16374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 14064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 12096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 10373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  8838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  7747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  6649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  5746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  4891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  4310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  3705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  3124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  4322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  47792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  53752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  56206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  56541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  55708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  11066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   8408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  10736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       303513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   197.326428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   152.001067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.325514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99912     32.92%     32.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        95429     31.44%     64.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72396     23.85%     88.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17829      5.87%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13412      4.42%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2343      0.77%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1152      0.38%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          662      0.22%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          378      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       303513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48850                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.011361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.574494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48511     99.31%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          286      0.59%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           36      0.07%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            9      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        48850                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48850                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.145507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.818056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.512740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          41113     84.16%     84.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4740      9.70%     93.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1698      3.48%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1299      2.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        48850                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 42277623663                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            54195254913                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3178035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    66515.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               85265.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      331.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      156.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   331.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   156.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  465267                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 167023                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               55.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    131106.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20281026250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4098640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98363052500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1154291040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1140055560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              629821500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              622054125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2485867800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2471297400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            976950720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            968267520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8016939840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8016939840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        51362044785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        50888544075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28591197750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        29006549250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          93217113435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          93113707770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          759.451353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          758.608895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     39909376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          39909376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18608896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       18608896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       623584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             623584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       290764                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            290764                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    325127405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            325127405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    151600017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           151600017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    476727422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           476727422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     623584                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    290764                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   623584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  290764                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              39883904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  25472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               18608704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               39909376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            18608896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   398                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            38825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            38964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            38836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            39203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            38689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            38600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            40043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            39528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            38483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            38618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           38793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           39232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           38548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           38236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           39236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           39352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            18141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            18164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            18561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            18420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            17899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           17940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           17928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           18337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           18208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     3371                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     5645                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 122749208000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               623584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              290764                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 202343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  53836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  46522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  41426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  36472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  32664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  28716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  25296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  21585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  18749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 15938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 13702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 11718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 10267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  8735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  7475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  6502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  5731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  4804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  4186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  4141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  45947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  52029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  54378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  54644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  53951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  10995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   8238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  10582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       290001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   201.694422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.219531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.176961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        93885     32.37%     32.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        88449     30.50%     62.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72011     24.83%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17826      6.15%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13220      4.56%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2400      0.83%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1161      0.40%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          683      0.24%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          366      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       290001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.245924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.211745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        46714     99.29%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          271      0.58%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           47      0.10%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            9      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        47047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.180224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.839727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.566221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          39355     83.65%     83.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4649      9.88%     93.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1707      3.63%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1336      2.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        47047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 41687437166                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            53372174666                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3115930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    66894.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               85644.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      324.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      151.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   325.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   151.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  458409                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 165527                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               56.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    134247.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20781654000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4098640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97862424750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1106489160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1085789880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              603739125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              592444875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2438818200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2421720600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            946468800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            937552320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8016939840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8016939840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        50156576010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        49921330455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29648626500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29854982250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          92917657635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          92830760220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          757.011650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          756.303686                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     39776512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          39776512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     18603712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       18603712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       621508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             621508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       290683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            290683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    324045010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            324045010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    151557785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           151557785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    475602794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           475602794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     621508                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    290683                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   621508                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  290683                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              39754176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  22336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               18603584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               39776512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            18603712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   349                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            38799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            38756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            38979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            39287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            38562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            38403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            39566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            39348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            38411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            38356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           38835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           39299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           38381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           38029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           38965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           39183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            18038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            18306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            18471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            17925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            18079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           18177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           17964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           17917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           18179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           18256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     3333                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5869                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 122749917000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               621508                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              290683                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 203606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  54043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  46305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  41493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  36976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  32872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  28744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  25043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  21477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  18504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 15991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 13606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 11609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  9777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  8423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  7281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  6226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  5404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  4696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  4094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  4080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  52008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  54130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  54676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  53806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  10979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   8386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  10647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       288084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.569362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.989022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.596792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        92410     32.08%     32.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        87977     30.54%     62.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72304     25.10%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17451      6.06%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13242      4.60%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2401      0.83%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1205      0.42%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          729      0.25%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          365      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       288084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.182987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.993101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        46793     99.31%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          277      0.59%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           35      0.07%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        47118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.169213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.832919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.550073                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          39543     83.92%     83.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4574      9.71%     93.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1676      3.56%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1325      2.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        47118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 41005166128                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            52651897378                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3105795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    66013.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               84763.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      323.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      151.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   324.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   151.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        3.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.45                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  457444                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 166303                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    134566.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20907003250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4098640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97737075500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1096956000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1080868320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              598537500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              589759500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2431189800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2413671000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            945905040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            937643040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8016939840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8016939840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        50392190925                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        49879733850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29441946750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29891470500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          92923665855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          92810086050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          757.060600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          756.135251                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     40004800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          40004800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     18667968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       18667968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       625075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             625075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       291687                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            291687                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    325904791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            325904791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    152081255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           152081255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    477986046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           477986046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     625076                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    291687                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   625076                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  291687                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              39984064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  20800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               18667840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               40004864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            18667968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   325                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            38791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            39135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            39361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            39327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            38651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            38737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            39840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            39515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            38439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            38745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           39279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           39393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           38585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           38430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           39298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           39225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            18102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            18283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            18454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            18248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            18375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            18410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            17976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            18239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           18254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           18184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     3354                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     5359                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 122749213000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               625076                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              291687                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 202802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  54425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  46902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  41470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  37025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  32904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  28710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  25057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  21594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  18617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 15982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 13944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 11956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 10201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  8716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  7536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  6432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  5618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  4743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  4174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  4086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  52292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  54583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  55312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  54080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  10782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   8326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  10092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       289665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.477427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.774033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.624610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        93604     32.31%     32.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        87885     30.34%     62.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72266     24.95%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17944      6.19%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13290      4.59%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2407      0.83%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1183      0.41%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          700      0.24%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          386      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       289665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.207323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.631038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        46977     99.31%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          276      0.58%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           32      0.07%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           11      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        47303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.166311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.834094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.531016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          39572     83.66%     83.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4883     10.32%     93.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1521      3.22%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1327      2.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        47303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 41621360358                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            53335441608                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3123755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    66620.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               85370.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      325.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      152.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   325.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   152.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        3.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  460044                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 166716                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               57.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    133894.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20360121250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4098640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98283991750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1101968280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1087800840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              601272375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              593542125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2443974000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2428639200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            949073760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            940980240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8016939840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8016939840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        50100401655                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        49650769980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29697923250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30092337000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          92911553160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          92811009225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          756.961700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          756.142557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1479                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1479                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              544380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1992500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               26905418                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 54.799562                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.625585                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               105.798762                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    25186976     93.61%     93.61% |      483722      1.80%     95.41% |      317565      1.18%     96.59% |      330338      1.23%     97.82% |      353182      1.31%     99.13% |      198868      0.74%     99.87% |       33588      0.12%    100.00% |        1171      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 26905418                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     41425475                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.235430                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.812558                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.973629                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    36802899     88.84%     88.84% |     1591809      3.84%     92.68% |      317829      0.77%     93.45% |      272548      0.66%     94.11% |      330641      0.80%     94.91% |      489809      1.18%     96.09% |      532263      1.28%     97.37% |      671309      1.62%     98.99% |      416368      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      41425475                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            41425473                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              39.985466                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.814395                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            146.912796                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    40431150     97.60%     97.60% |      810300      1.96%     99.56% |      157227      0.38%     99.94% |       22498      0.05%     99.99% |        3550      0.01%    100.00% |         599      0.00%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              41425473                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        36944761                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000281                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000236                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.018764                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    36935488     99.97%     99.97% |        8348      0.02%    100.00% |         766      0.00%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          36944761                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4480712                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        344.938970                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       237.690197                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       308.656900                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     3486389     77.81%     77.81% |      810300     18.08%     95.89% |      157227      3.51%     99.40% |       22498      0.50%     99.90% |        3550      0.08%     99.98% |         599      0.01%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4480712                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         763379                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       763379                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           16                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           15                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26096531                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       896788                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     26993319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10840472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10966999                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1347396                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37844                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       504079                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2034433                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        63969                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       837383                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       839207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       315278                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1958                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       837250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       839208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       305686                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1956                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       927498                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       929454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       355612                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         2020                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       855234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       857254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       312678                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       138592                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        88859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        57646                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        79382                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137028                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        58524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        79296                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137820                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        57115                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        79502                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136617                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        55291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        80008                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        57188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        79294                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136482                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        55401                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        79234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134635                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        54915                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        79794                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134709                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        56153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        79947                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136100                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        56638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        79375                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        56702                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        79120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        56289                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        79429                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        56345                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        79109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        55816                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        79814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        71331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        79497                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       150828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        64969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        79185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        55171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        79756                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134927                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        55691                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        79977                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        56536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        79451                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       135987                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        56063                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        79051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        57143                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        79254                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136397                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        57334                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        79618                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       136952                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        57990                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        79367                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137357                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        58279                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        79338                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137617                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        61655                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        79107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140762                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        67564                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        79729                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147293                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        55875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        79770                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135645                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        56464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        79294                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135758                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        55982                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        79210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135192                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        54443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        79783                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        54957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        79973                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134930                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        57696                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        79433                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           15                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     26692683                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     26692683                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     27670561                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     26692683                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     12981321                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     12857147                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     26692683                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.108728                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     19077705                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     19077705                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20258770                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     19077705                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10614377                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10453725                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     19077705                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.077710                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     18389557                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     18389557                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20044812                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18389557                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8738411                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8579629                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     18389557                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.074907                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     17898622                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     17898622                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19574650                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17898622                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8720467                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8557814                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     17898622                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.072907                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     18495394                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     18495394                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20544218                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18495394                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9589031                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9336938                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     18495394                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.075338                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     18564545                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     18564545                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20581931                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18564545                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9695595                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9447045                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     18564545                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.075619                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     12424469                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     12424469                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12967814                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12424469                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4707402                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4604837                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     12424469                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.050609                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     10372038                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     10372038                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10912727                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10372038                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4027248                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3948722                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     10372038                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.042249                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6221728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6221728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6287128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6221728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2983809                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2981592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6221728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.025343                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      6648781                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      6648781                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6728646                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6648781                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3505060                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3500805                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      6648781                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.027083                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5356873                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5356873                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5439130                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5356873                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2291834                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2289601                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5356873                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.021820                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6669010                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6669010                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6735373                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6669010                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3110017                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3107998                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6669010                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027165                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      7384650                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      7384650                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7489364                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7384650                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3714438                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3710014                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      7384650                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.030080                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      5748486                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      5748486                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5816525                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5748486                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2412596                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2410578                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      5748486                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.023415                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      3258508                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      3258508                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3340629                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3258508                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1391594                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1386900                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      3258508                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013273                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5817390                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5817390                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6034103                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5817390                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2424977                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2406082                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5817390                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.023696                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      6922553                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      6922553                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7030328                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6922553                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2716331                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2708129                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      6922553                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.028198                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6263050                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6263050                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6367408                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6263050                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2502108                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2496790                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6263050                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.025511                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      6067263                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      6067263                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6249080                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6067263                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2557348                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2545079                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      6067263                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.024714                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3281823                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3281823                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3402859                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3281823                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1401452                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1395335                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3281823                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3341872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3341872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3354216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3341872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1644351                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1644012                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3341872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013613                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3988722                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3988722                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4012848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3988722                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2124850                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2121706                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3988722                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.016247                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3341857                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3341857                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3368306                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3341856                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1577748                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1577720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3341856                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.013612                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2171405                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2171405                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2171405                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2171405                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       971357                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       971357                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2171405                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008845                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3294277                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3294277                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3306312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3294277                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1596488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1596045                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3294277                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013419                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3783050                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3783050                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3806553                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3783050                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2011806                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2008982                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3783050                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.015410                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3240859                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3240859                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3266725                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3240858                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1521217                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1521186                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3240858                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.013201                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2177941                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2177941                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2177941                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2177941                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       972793                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       972793                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2177941                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008871                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     13808072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     13808072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14679440                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13808072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6267595                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6229212                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     13808072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.056245                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     14192955                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     14192955                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14939132                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14192955                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6482497                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6453323                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     14192955                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.057812                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     13328418                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     13328418                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14322448                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13328418                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5444212                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5334090                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     13328418                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.054291                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     13772179                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     13772179                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14659516                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13772179                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5678574                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5605287                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     13772179                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.056099                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    20342229     27.54%     27.54% |    49057840     66.41%     93.95% |     4466712      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     73866781                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    20342229     27.54%     27.54% |    49057842     66.41%     93.95% |     4466712      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     73866783                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   720655378                       |  1292011045                       |   106699787                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1675929307                       |   203558112                       |     4468870                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   35.426569                       |   26.336485                       |   23.887770                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   82.386709                       |    4.149349                       |    1.000483                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.691736                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    25.504784                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         54.196520                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004839                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.102319      6.87%      6.87% |    0.102168      6.86%     13.72% |    0.100777      6.76%     20.48% |    0.100425      6.74%     27.22% |    0.249727     16.76%     43.98% |    0.245187     16.45%     60.43% |    0.249556     16.75%     77.18% |    0.244908     16.43%     93.61% |    0.023801      1.60%     95.21% |    0.023803      1.60%     96.81% |    0.023805      1.60%     98.40% |    0.023802      1.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.490280                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.037169                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022997                       |    0.000000                       |    0.014196                       |    0.014296                       |    0.016029                       |    0.014652                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006947                       |    0.004518                       |    0.004477                       |    0.004535                       |    0.004489                       |    0.004485                       |    0.004473                       |    0.004459                       |    0.004474                       |    0.004516                       |    0.004534                       |    0.004511                       |    0.004483                       |    0.004503                       |    0.004459                       |    0.004468                       |    0.004499                       |    0.004493                       |    0.004487                       |    0.004491                       |    0.004492                       |    0.004859                       |    0.004692                       |    0.004474                       |    0.004491                       |    0.004494                       |    0.004470                       |    0.004500                       |    0.004518                       |    0.004521                       |    0.004601                       |    0.004772                       |    0.015538                       |    0.015232                       |    0.015182                       |    0.015269                       |    0.000099                       |           0                       |    0.001994                       |    0.005104                       |    0.000740                       |    0.000792                       |    0.000774                       |    0.000804                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004391                       |    0.000100                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004591                       |    0.004530                       |           0                       |    0.004370                       |           0                       |    0.007366                       |    0.009065                       |    0.004542                       |           0                       |    0.004409                       |    0.009969                       |           0                       |    0.014700                       |    0.015651                       |    0.011516                       |    0.020440                       |    0.004364                       |    0.000740                       |    0.020422                       |    0.016845                       |    0.012095                       |    0.020433                       |    0.004415                       |    0.000792                       |    0.020321                       |    0.018977                       |    0.007969                       |           0                       |    0.004387                       |    0.009713                       |           0                       |    0.016787                       |    0.014657                       |    0.012268                       |           0                       |    0.004387                       |           0                       |    0.009002                       |    0.007328                       |    0.006449                       |           0                       |    0.004390                       |           0                       |    0.004491                       |    0.004538                       |           0                       |    0.004668                       |           0                       |    0.001655                       |    0.004859                       |    0.005065                       |           0                       |    0.004376                       |           0                       |    0.001578                       |    0.006809                       |    0.009375                       |    0.004945                       |    0.022646                       |    0.004378                       |    0.000774                       |    0.006702                       |    0.013166                       |    0.021411                       |    0.006260                       |    0.024555                       |    0.006125                       |    0.001994                       |    0.019521                       |    0.020713                       |    0.028976                       |    0.006844                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004392                       |    0.005104                       |    0.019652                       |    0.020087                       |    0.021661                       |    0.006812                       |    0.020878                       |    0.004358                       |    0.000804                       |    0.010081                       |    0.019139                       |    0.012752                       |    0.007607                       |           0                       |    0.004371                       |           0                       |    0.003506                       |    0.008977                       |    0.006378                       |    0.006849                       |           0                       |    0.004374                       |           0                       |    0.001600                       |    0.004494                       |    0.004942                       |           0                       |    0.004501                       |           0                       |    0.000049                       |    0.004692                       |    0.004370                       |           0                       |    0.004399                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003855                       |    0.009227                       |    0.004340                       |           0                       |    0.004477                       |    0.009695                       |           0                       |    0.012441                       |    0.007649                       |    0.015673                       |    0.004355                       |           0                       |    0.004357                       |           0                       |    0.023197                       |    0.009768                       |    0.008903                       |    0.004383                       |           0                       |    0.004355                       |           0                       |    0.012003                       |    0.013287                       |    0.008235                       |    0.004368                       |           0                       |    0.004597                       |    0.009740                       |           0                       |    0.012773                       |    0.017030                       |    0.007594                       |    0.004364                       |           0                       |    0.004373                       |           0                       |    0.001903                       |    0.008973                       |    0.003789                       |    0.004377                       |           0                       |    0.004360                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004470                       |    0.004372                       |           0                       |    0.004370                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004474                       |           0                       |    0.004340                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.008933                       |           0                       |    0.004355                       |           0                       |    0.009253                       |           0                       |    0.010088                       |           0                       |    0.004383                       |           0                       |    0.010331                       |    0.005940                       |    0.007543                       |           0                       |    0.004368                       |           0                       |    0.005043                       |    0.009227                       |    0.006873                       |           0                       |    0.004364                       |           0                       |    0.011242                       |    0.009108                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004377                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.008991                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004372                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004500                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.490280                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         9324354                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9324354                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389961                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6677992                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6061745                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.771972                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          830330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30136                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             16581025                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86379                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            19945221                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181242                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         16667404                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        20126463                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  36526246                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267621                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              36793867                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10974100                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9641                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10983741                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10974100                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9641                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10983741                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                241953538                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     36084377                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               66806718                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             9324354                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6892075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             200367240                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       183705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       304183                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       343914                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10973432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230949                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3954                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    237883165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.507166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.726821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        214772472     90.28%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2056081      0.86%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3113717      1.31%     92.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           951147      0.40%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3233999      1.36%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1521240      0.64%     94.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          4156634      1.75%     96.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           595688      0.25%     96.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7482187      3.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    237883165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.038538                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.276114                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13587605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     207847824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6805442                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9188283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      116157815                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16356055                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       127112421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13489342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12766810                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      67704526                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      114154982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7920631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    124243811                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     257973660                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    170374278                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     110749285                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13494524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363543                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          56440219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      9072292                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     20357844                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2587963                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2361252                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          112083808                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       822314                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         117367827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10016302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14631002                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137054                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237883165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.493384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.201227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187704879     78.91%     78.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21669367      9.11%     88.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10993298      4.62%     92.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6550079      2.75%     95.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3874992      1.63%     97.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5174344      2.18%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083461      0.46%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472787      0.20%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359958      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237883165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113380      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913228     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141592     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417236      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      80196995     68.33%     68.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52406      0.04%     68.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.04%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     16485464     14.05%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     20163557     17.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      117367827                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.485084                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168200                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009953                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    474113599                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    122931048                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    108441514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      118118707                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2638087                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471946                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2662                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8988                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       741060                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      9484497                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6812352                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111716309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112906122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108459                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       9072292                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     20357844                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       812880                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         294190                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8988                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131496                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330128                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461624                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     116655636                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      16270329                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             36227853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7882453                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           19957524                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.482141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              108550174                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             108441568                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          56774575                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          88833025                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.448192                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.639116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10250062                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       685260                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403909                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236199156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.434253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196393232     83.15%     83.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17021279      7.21%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11149349      4.72%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2715359      1.15%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2448225      1.04%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1176323      0.50%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155294      0.49%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622974      0.26%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3517121      1.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236199156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     58402596                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      102570119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               27217129                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               7600345                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            7357395                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         101883414                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       746036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178715      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     75072220     73.19%     73.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51123      0.05%     73.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      7600345      7.41%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     19616784     19.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    102570119                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3517121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            345251773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           227334985                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87482                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4070373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            58402596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             102570119                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.142856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.142856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.241379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.241379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        176848638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        79898065                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          36139233                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         37145713                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        52140790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357601                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10136577500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10136577500.000015                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12907983                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        83.812884                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       40.147828                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      146.759384                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11198144     86.75%     86.75% |      475206      3.68%     90.44% |      317478      2.46%     92.89% |      330338      2.56%     95.45% |      353182      2.74%     98.19% |      198868      1.54%     99.73% |       33588      0.26%     99.99% |        1171      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12907983                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      13805437                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        28.082129                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.405258                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.748364                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13615024     98.62%     98.62% |      181810      1.32%     99.94% |        7659      0.06%     99.99% |         857      0.01%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        13805437                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        191998                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.332441                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.583487                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.046156                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        3311      1.72%      1.72% |       21641     11.27%     13.00% |       66726     34.75%     47.75% |       46631     24.29%     72.04% |       41152     21.43%     93.47% |       11039      5.75%     99.22% |        1342      0.70%     99.92% |         141      0.07%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          191998                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9580673                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           89.200785                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           9.998265                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         204.217365                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     9121008     95.20%     95.20% |      376947      3.93%     99.14% |       68311      0.71%     99.85% |       11915      0.12%     99.97% |        2009      0.02%     99.99% |         381      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9580673                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6870090                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000985                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000832                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.034608                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6863894     99.91%     99.91% |        5761      0.08%     99.99% |         319      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6870090                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2710583                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     307.677910                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    211.196840                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    284.327723                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2250918     83.04%     83.04% |      376947     13.91%     96.95% |       68311      2.52%     99.47% |       11915      0.44%     99.91% |        2009      0.07%     99.98% |         381      0.01%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2710583                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         20597943                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           36.654810                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.334437                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         148.599553                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    20063764     97.41%     97.41% |      432897      2.10%     99.51% |       88896      0.43%     99.94% |       10581      0.05%     99.99% |        1540      0.01%    100.00% |         218      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           20597943                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     18975210                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000185                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000154                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015694                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    18972235     99.98%     99.98% |        2485      0.01%    100.00% |         447      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       18975210                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1622733                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     430.190638                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    320.188893                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    334.929852                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1088554     67.08%     67.08% |      432897     26.68%     93.76% |       88896      5.48%     99.24% |       10581      0.65%     99.89% |        1540      0.09%     99.98% |         218      0.01%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1622733                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10966997                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.987885                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.114407                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.513718                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10963588     99.97%     99.97% |        3043      0.03%    100.00% |         304      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10966997                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10840472                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000304                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10840471    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10840472                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126525                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.628413                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.912561                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    65.138271                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123116     97.31%     97.31% |        3043      2.41%     99.71% |         304      0.24%     99.95% |          39      0.03%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126525                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.977982                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.868004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.245994                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273473     98.18%     98.18% |        3856      1.38%     99.56% |        1014      0.36%     99.93% |          94      0.03%     99.96% |          54      0.02%     99.98% |          52      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257712                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257611     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257712                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.640081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.499035                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    83.908874                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15761     75.64%     75.64% |        3856     18.50%     94.14% |        1014      4.87%     99.01% |          94      0.45%     99.46% |          54      0.26%     99.72% |          52      0.25%     99.97% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20838                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       311906                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      8497068                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       177570                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   156226                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   249145                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   162278                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   254627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   185718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   249639                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   171030                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   255153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 105502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 328423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  99450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 322941                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 166250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 327929                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 108746                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 322415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   128823                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   321960                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   122898                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   316894                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   195799                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   321506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   133862                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   316429                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               261728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               577568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               261728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               577568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               351968                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               577568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               279776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               577568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 4768563                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139640847795640                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139640844385742                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 7740536                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 5649888                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                38837954                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                35634249                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                38567915                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  150368                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  454688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  150368                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  454688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  202208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  454688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  160736                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  454688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                 111360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                 122880                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                 111360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                 122880                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                 149760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                 122880                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                 119040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                 122880                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                85499                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               186033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                89368                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               189053                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                98392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               186261                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                93541                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits               189678                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              64869                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             268655                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              61000                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             265635                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             103816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             268427                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              67195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             265010                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               70727                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               63112                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               72910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               65574                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               87326                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               63378                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               77489                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               65475                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             40633                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             59768                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             38450                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             57306                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             62434                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             59502                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             41551                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             57405                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       29                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       29                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       39                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       31                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                8622653                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               11136708                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                8646662                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               11146265                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                8827434                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               11140961                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8986308                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               11134449                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     232                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     232                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     312                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     248                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               7352261                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               9359161                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               7366267                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9374307                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               7052062                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               9368959                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               7549010                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               9399898                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            4127717                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            8610156                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            4007203                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            8603605                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            5964378                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            8639170                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            4357809                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            8607899                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              4953086                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3788253                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              5138671                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3772358                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              5364621                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3724212                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              5534744                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3690592                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          7352261                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          9359161                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          7366267                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9374307                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          7052062                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          9368959                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          7549010                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          9399898                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       3801592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       7864671                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       3801613                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       7864662                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       5112270                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       7864668                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       4063748                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       7864668                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         4488236                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3677129                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         4421848                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3678711                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         4816154                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3649621                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         4698648                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3630265                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            8374314                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           10343131                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            8500810                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           10353081                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            8463153                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           10330575                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8725861                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           10333314                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         229220168                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         229220164                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         229220170                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         229220166                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         14281921                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         16172488                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         14326128                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         16165629                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         14377986                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         16151478                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         14618993                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         16197369                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             23398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             52061                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             23383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             52201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             31283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             52294                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             25009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             52277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             24008                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             17514                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             26079                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             19420                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             26494                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             17507                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             27364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             19184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             27099                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             37619                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             31730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             41459                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             24853                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             37618                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             31995                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             41530                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          245871                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         2736023                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          116272                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         2557095                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          525859                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         2816834                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          215860                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         2617070                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      636022     25.38%     25.38% |      623584     24.88%     50.26% |      621508     24.80%     75.06% |      625076     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2506190                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      294351     25.60%     25.60% |      284893     24.78%     50.37% |      284812     24.77%     75.14% |      285816     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1149872                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      636047     25.38%     25.38% |      623584     24.88%     50.26% |      621507     24.80%     75.06% |      625075     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2506213                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      300209     25.59%     25.59% |      290764     24.78%     50.37% |      290683     24.77%     75.14% |      291687     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1173343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      333479     25.20%     25.20% |      330500     24.97%     50.17% |      328504     24.82%     74.99% |      331068     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1323551                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      636022     25.38%     25.38% |      623584     24.88%     50.26% |      621508     24.80%     75.06% |      625076     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2506190                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      294106     25.59%     25.59% |      284716     24.78%     50.37% |      284635     24.77%     75.14% |      285639     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1149096                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      333479     25.20%     25.20% |      330500     24.97%     50.17% |      328504     24.82%     74.99% |      331068     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1323551                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      636022     25.38%     25.38% |      623584     24.88%     50.26% |      621507     24.80%     75.06% |      625075     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2506188                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      294106     25.59%     25.59% |      284716     24.78%     50.37% |      284635     24.77%     75.14% |      285639     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1149096                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     7102686     74.10%     74.10% |          34      0.00%     74.10% |      605102      6.31%     80.41% |      605056      6.31%     86.73% |      656918      6.85%     93.58% |      615425      6.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9585221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10967040    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10967040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    19898229     95.29%     95.29% |           0      0.00%     95.29% |      234307      1.12%     96.41% |      234275      1.12%     97.54% |      272717      1.31%     98.84% |      241974      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     20881502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       25680     16.75%     16.75% |          34      0.02%     16.77% |       28737     18.74%     35.51% |       34824     22.71%     58.22% |       33196     21.65%     79.87% |       30864     20.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       153335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1026822     19.76%     19.76% |           0      0.00%     19.76% |     1017957     19.59%     39.35% |     1008562     19.41%     58.76% |     1112082     21.40%     80.16% |     1031050     19.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5196473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          66     30.99%     30.99% |          49     23.00%     53.99% |          25     11.74%     65.73% |          73     34.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        6962     18.11%     18.12% |       10648     27.69%     45.81% |       10189     26.50%     72.31% |       10646     27.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        38450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      230927      8.91%      8.91% |          29      0.00%      8.91% |      579101     22.34%     31.24% |      571214     22.03%     53.28% |      626651     24.17%     77.45% |      584738     22.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2592660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        9519     24.76%     24.77% |       10513     27.34%     52.11% |        9725     25.29%     77.40% |        8688     22.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        38450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792368     42.84%     42.84% |           0      0.00%     42.84% |      248763     13.45%     56.29% |      255523     13.82%     70.11% |      291122     15.74%     85.85% |      261808     14.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1849584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886091     21.34%     21.34% |           0      0.00%     21.34% |      795384     19.15%     40.49% |      784429     18.89%     59.38% |      878790     21.16%     80.55% |      807861     19.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4152555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225094      8.32%      8.32% |          17      0.00%      8.33% |      604222     22.35%     30.67% |      604161     22.34%     53.01% |      655935     24.26%     77.27% |      614528     22.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2703957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122873    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664992     40.46%     40.46% |           0      0.00%     40.46% |      233138     14.19%     54.65% |      233060     14.18%     68.83% |      271542     16.52%     85.35% |      240682     14.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1643414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11155     11.08%     11.08% |           0      0.00%     11.08% |       18147     18.02%     29.10% |       24760     24.59%     53.70% |       23128     22.97%     76.67% |       23491     23.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       100681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        6525     98.48%     98.48% |          17      0.26%     98.73% |          20      0.30%     99.03% |          29      0.44%     99.47% |          14      0.21%     99.68% |          21      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         6626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3654    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         159     92.44%     92.44% |           0      0.00%     92.44% |           3      1.74%     94.19% |           0      0.00%     94.19% |           7      4.07%     98.26% |           3      1.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3377      8.22%      8.22% |           0      0.00%      8.22% |       10528     25.61%     33.83% |        9944     24.19%     58.02% |        9929     24.16%     82.18% |        7325     17.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        41103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     98.84%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |          34      0.13%     98.98% |         101      0.40%     99.38% |          70      0.28%     99.66% |          87      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10840472    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10840472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4687     58.17%     58.17% |           5      0.06%     58.24% |         882     10.95%     69.18% |         952     11.82%     81.00% |         911     11.31%     92.30% |         620      7.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         8057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122467     44.78%     44.78% |           0      0.00%     44.78% |       30936     11.31%     56.09% |       42336     15.48%     71.57% |       38246     13.98%     85.55% |       39512     14.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       273497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3167893     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         716      0.02%     99.93% |         701      0.02%     99.95% |         813      0.03%     99.98% |         724      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3170847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38455    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        9388     30.10%     30.10% |          29      0.09%     30.20% |        6251     20.04%     50.24% |        5602     17.96%     68.20% |        5852     18.76%     86.97% |        4065     13.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        31187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      182931      7.36%      7.36% |           0      0.00%      7.36% |      565885     22.78%     30.14% |      554995     22.34%     52.48% |      610650     24.58%     77.06% |      570027     22.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2484488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6734     18.04%     18.04% |       10350     27.73%     45.77% |        9911     26.55%     72.32% |       10334     27.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        37329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3673963    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3673963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    19191232     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |        1074      0.01%     99.98% |        1156      0.01%     99.99% |        1073      0.01%     99.99% |        1209      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     19195744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         450      3.46%      3.46% |           0      0.00%      3.46% |        3376     25.94%     29.40% |        3396     26.09%     55.49% |        3202     24.60%     80.09% |        2591     19.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        13015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703160     42.15%     42.15% |           0      0.00%     42.15% |      229499     13.76%     55.91% |      229434     13.75%     69.67% |      268140     16.07%     85.74% |      237834     14.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1668067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          66     30.99%     30.99% |          49     23.00%     53.99% |          25     11.74%     65.73% |          73     34.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     17.65%     17.65% |           5     29.41%     47.06% |           3     17.65%     64.71% |           6     35.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257      2.33%      2.33% |           0      0.00%      2.33% |      129405     24.58%     26.91% |      125817     23.90%     50.81% |      130611     24.81%     75.62% |      128352     24.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       526442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      230927      8.91%      8.91% |          29      0.00%      8.91% |      579099     22.34%     31.24% |      571211     22.03%     53.28% |      626649     24.17%     77.45% |      584734     22.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2592649                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        9519     24.76%     24.77% |       10513     27.34%     52.11% |        9725     25.29%     77.40% |        8688     22.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        38450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127217     61.76%     61.76% |           0      0.00%     61.76% |       15621      7.58%     69.34% |       22461     10.90%     80.25% |       19572      9.50%     89.75% |       21121     10.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       205992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      1.30%      1.30% |           0      0.00%      1.30% |       51703     25.49%     26.78% |       46032     22.69%     49.47% |       54503     26.87%     76.34% |       48000     23.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       202868                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665151     40.47%     40.47% |           0      0.00%     40.47% |      233141     14.18%     54.65% |      233060     14.18%     68.83% |      271549     16.52%     85.36% |      240685     14.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1643586                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           4     50.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           3     27.27%     45.45% |           2     18.18%     63.64% |           4     36.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4223     92.87%     92.87% |           0      0.00%     92.87% |         110      2.42%     95.29% |          63      1.39%     96.68% |          86      1.89%     98.57% |          65      1.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3373     91.21%     91.21% |           0      0.00%     91.21% |          92      2.49%     93.70% |          59      1.60%     95.29% |          94      2.54%     97.84% |          80      2.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          78     20.63%     20.63% |         109     28.84%     49.47% |         100     26.46%     75.93% |          91     24.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         228     20.43%     20.43% |         298     26.70%     47.13% |         278     24.91%     72.04% |         312     27.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total         1116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886091     21.35%     21.35% |           0      0.00%     21.35% |      795078     19.15%     40.50% |      784022     18.89%     59.39% |      878412     21.16%     80.55% |      807458     19.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4151061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         306     20.48%     20.48% |         407     27.24%     47.72% |         378     25.30%     73.03% |         403     26.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3920      3.09%      3.09% |        3795      3.00%      6.09% |        3526      2.78%      8.87% |        3539      2.79%     11.66% |        3621      2.86%     14.52% |        4090      3.23%     17.75% |        3810      3.01%     20.76% |        3376      2.66%     23.42% |        3687      2.91%     26.33% |        5225      4.12%     30.45% |        4050      3.20%     33.65% |        3865      3.05%     36.70% |        3748      2.96%     39.66% |        4416      3.49%     43.14% |        3941      3.11%     46.25% |        3833      3.03%     49.28% |        4255      3.36%     52.64% |        4227      3.34%     55.97% |        3701      2.92%     58.89% |        3350      2.64%     61.54% |        3127      2.47%     64.01% |        3783      2.99%     66.99% |        3577      2.82%     69.81% |        3427      2.70%     72.52% |        3687      2.91%     75.43% |        3834      3.03%     78.45% |        3312      2.61%     81.07% |        4757      3.75%     84.82% |        4043      3.19%     88.01% |        5396      4.26%     92.27% |        5223      4.12%     96.39% |        4569      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158811      5.85%      5.85% |       82682      3.05%      8.90% |       81428      3.00%     11.90% |       82545      3.04%     14.94% |       81751      3.01%     17.95% |       81594      3.01%     20.96% |       81022      2.99%     23.95% |       81017      2.99%     26.93% |       81258      2.99%     29.93% |       81555      3.01%     32.93% |       83359      3.07%     36.00% |       82756      3.05%     39.05% |       81767      3.01%     42.07% |       81682      3.01%     45.08% |       80984      2.98%     48.06% |       81088      2.99%     51.05% |       81985      3.02%     54.07% |       81451      3.00%     57.07% |       81792      3.01%     60.09% |       82056      3.02%     63.11% |       81934      3.02%     66.13% |       90403      3.33%     69.46% |       88680      3.27%     72.73% |       81403      3.00%     75.73% |       81410      3.00%     78.73% |       81975      3.02%     81.75% |       81309      3.00%     84.75% |       81145      2.99%     87.74% |       81831      3.02%     90.75% |       81146      2.99%     93.74% |       82000      3.02%     96.76% |       87829      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2713648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64772      3.94%      3.94% |       50608      3.08%      7.02% |       50573      3.08%     10.09% |       51600      3.14%     13.23% |       50345      3.06%     16.30% |       50152      3.05%     19.35% |       50424      3.07%     22.41% |       49920      3.04%     25.45% |       50089      3.05%     28.50% |       50448      3.07%     31.57% |       50552      3.08%     34.64% |       50080      3.05%     37.69% |       49941      3.04%     40.73% |       50494      3.07%     43.80% |       49826      3.03%     46.83% |       49901      3.04%     49.86% |       49983      3.04%     52.90% |       50447      3.07%     55.97% |       50431      3.07%     59.04% |       50426      3.07%     62.11% |       50743      3.09%     65.19% |       56947      3.46%     68.66% |       52033      3.17%     71.82% |       50249      3.06%     74.88% |       50677      3.08%     77.96% |       50276      3.06%     81.02% |       50627      3.08%     84.10% |       50611      3.08%     87.18% |       51152      3.11%     90.29% |       50944      3.10%     93.39% |       53653      3.26%     96.65% |       55006      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1643930                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      217048      5.22%      5.22% |      127098      3.06%      8.28% |      125640      3.02%     11.30% |      127934      3.08%     14.38% |      125714      3.03%     17.41% |      125318      3.02%     20.42% |      125177      3.01%     23.44% |      124705      3.00%     26.44% |      125006      3.01%     29.45% |      125891      3.03%     32.47% |      127377      3.07%     35.54% |      126540      3.05%     38.59% |      125296      3.02%     41.60% |      126135      3.04%     44.64% |      124660      3.00%     47.64% |      124734      3.00%     50.64% |      125482      3.02%     53.66% |      125734      3.03%     56.68% |      125805      3.03%     59.71% |      126220      3.04%     62.75% |      126200      3.04%     65.78% |      140858      3.39%     69.17% |      134393      3.23%     72.41% |      125431      3.02%     75.43% |      125536      3.02%     78.45% |      126052      3.03%     81.48% |      125556      3.02%     84.50% |      125607      3.02%     87.52% |      126645      3.05%     90.57% |      125913      3.03%     93.60% |      129325      3.11%     96.71% |      136594      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4155624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          19      3.08%      3.08% |          15      2.44%      5.52% |          24      3.90%      9.42% |          12      1.95%     11.36% |          20      3.25%     14.61% |          20      3.25%     17.86% |          25      4.06%     21.92% |          15      2.44%     24.35% |          11      1.79%     26.14% |          18      2.92%     29.06% |          17      2.76%     31.82% |          15      2.44%     34.25% |          17      2.76%     37.01% |          16      2.60%     39.61% |          13      2.11%     41.72% |          23      3.73%     45.45% |          14      2.27%     47.73% |          16      2.60%     50.32% |          14      2.27%     52.60% |          22      3.57%     56.17% |          18      2.92%     59.09% |          22      3.57%     62.66% |          16      2.60%     65.26% |          33      5.36%     70.62% |          38      6.17%     76.79% |          20      3.25%     80.03% |          22      3.57%     83.60% |          31      5.03%     88.64% |          18      2.92%     91.56% |           9      1.46%     93.02% |          18      2.92%     95.94% |          25      4.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       44142      3.86%      3.86% |       35411      3.10%      6.95% |       35404      3.09%     10.05% |       35577      3.11%     13.16% |       35567      3.11%     16.27% |       35455      3.10%     19.37% |       35452      3.10%     22.47% |       35577      3.11%     25.58% |       35494      3.10%     28.68% |       35404      3.09%     31.77% |       35396      3.09%     34.87% |       35532      3.11%     37.97% |       35530      3.11%     41.08% |       35408      3.10%     44.17% |       35395      3.09%     47.27% |       35493      3.10%     50.37% |       35474      3.10%     53.47% |       35424      3.10%     56.57% |       35391      3.09%     59.66% |       35564      3.11%     62.77% |       35541      3.11%     65.88% |       35454      3.10%     68.98% |       35426      3.10%     72.07% |       35561      3.11%     75.18% |       35556      3.11%     78.29% |       35423      3.10%     81.39% |       35415      3.10%     84.48% |       35535      3.11%     87.59% |       35535      3.11%     90.70% |       35449      3.10%     93.79% |       35433      3.10%     96.89% |       35559      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1143977                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       42118      3.17%      3.17% |       41481      3.12%      6.29% |       41163      3.10%      9.39% |       41260      3.11%     12.50% |       41639      3.13%     15.63% |       41373      3.11%     18.74% |       41242      3.10%     21.85% |       41738      3.14%     24.99% |       41961      3.16%     28.15% |       41524      3.13%     31.27% |       41346      3.11%     34.38% |       41452      3.12%     37.50% |       41918      3.15%     40.66% |       41415      3.12%     43.78% |       41349      3.11%     46.89% |       41811      3.15%     50.03% |       41934      3.16%     53.19% |       41458      3.12%     56.31% |       41203      3.10%     59.41% |       41370      3.11%     62.53% |       41748      3.14%     65.67% |       41547      3.13%     68.79% |       41266      3.11%     71.90% |       41707      3.14%     75.04% |       41858      3.15%     78.19% |       41548      3.13%     81.32% |       41098      3.09%     84.41% |       41242      3.10%     87.51% |       41571      3.13%     90.64% |       41444      3.12%     93.76% |       41160      3.10%     96.86% |       41731      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1328675                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       87373      3.49%      3.49% |       77939      3.11%      6.60% |       77613      3.10%      9.69% |       77884      3.11%     12.80% |       78251      3.12%     15.92% |       77873      3.11%     19.03% |       77740      3.10%     22.13% |       78361      3.13%     25.26% |       78501      3.13%     28.39% |       77974      3.11%     31.50% |       77789      3.10%     34.61% |       78029      3.11%     37.72% |       78495      3.13%     40.85% |       77868      3.11%     43.96% |       77790      3.10%     47.06% |       78350      3.13%     50.19% |       78455      3.13%     53.32% |       77928      3.11%     56.43% |       77640      3.10%     59.53% |       77979      3.11%     62.64% |       78335      3.13%     65.76% |       78046      3.11%     68.88% |       77737      3.10%     71.98% |       78314      3.12%     75.10% |       78460      3.13%     78.24% |       78017      3.11%     81.35% |       77559      3.09%     84.44% |       77822      3.11%     87.55% |       78152      3.12%     90.67% |       77939      3.11%     93.78% |       77639      3.10%     96.87% |       78336      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2506188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       86349      3.49%      3.49% |       76915      3.11%      6.60% |       76589      3.10%      9.70% |       76860      3.11%     12.80% |       77227      3.12%     15.93% |       76849      3.11%     19.03% |       76716      3.10%     22.14% |       77337      3.13%     25.26% |       77477      3.13%     28.39% |       76950      3.11%     31.51% |       76765      3.10%     34.61% |       77005      3.11%     37.72% |       77471      3.13%     40.85% |       76844      3.11%     43.96% |       76766      3.10%     47.07% |       77326      3.13%     50.19% |       77431      3.13%     53.32% |       76904      3.11%     56.43% |       76616      3.10%     59.53% |       76955      3.11%     62.64% |       77311      3.13%     65.77% |       77023      3.11%     68.88% |       76713      3.10%     71.98% |       77290      3.12%     75.11% |       77436      3.13%     78.24% |       76993      3.11%     81.35% |       76535      3.09%     84.44% |       76798      3.10%     87.55% |       77128      3.12%     90.67% |       76915      3.11%     93.78% |       76615      3.10%     96.87% |       77312      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2473421                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         529      4.01%      4.01% |         440      3.34%      7.35% |         389      2.95%     10.30% |         339      2.57%     12.87% |         384      2.91%     15.79% |         360      2.73%     18.52% |         402      3.05%     21.57% |         392      2.97%     24.54% |         453      3.44%     27.98% |         410      3.11%     31.09% |         375      2.84%     33.93% |         347      2.63%     36.56% |         371      2.81%     39.38% |         388      2.94%     42.32% |         391      2.97%     45.29% |         432      3.28%     48.56% |         462      3.50%     52.07% |         414      3.14%     55.21% |         386      2.93%     58.14% |         373      2.83%     60.96% |         453      3.44%     64.40% |         474      3.60%     68.00% |         434      3.29%     71.29% |         450      3.41%     74.70% |         481      3.65%     78.35% |         447      3.39%     81.74% |         401      3.04%     84.78% |         360      2.73%     87.51% |         388      2.94%     90.46% |         395      3.00%     93.45% |         433      3.28%     96.74% |         430      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        13183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1284      3.32%      3.32% |        1227      3.17%      6.50% |        1277      3.30%      9.80% |        1211      3.13%     12.93% |        1265      3.27%     16.20% |        1178      3.05%     19.25% |        1196      3.09%     22.34% |        1138      2.94%     25.29% |        1197      3.10%     28.38% |        1163      3.01%     31.39% |        1244      3.22%     34.61% |        1194      3.09%     37.70% |        1211      3.13%     40.83% |        1141      2.95%     43.78% |        1167      3.02%     46.80% |        1129      2.92%     49.72% |        1153      2.98%     52.70% |        1152      2.98%     55.68% |        1180      3.05%     58.74% |        1198      3.10%     61.83% |        1235      3.19%     65.03% |        1180      3.05%     68.08% |        1229      3.18%     71.26% |        1212      3.14%     74.39% |        1280      3.31%     77.71% |        1215      3.14%     80.85% |        1251      3.24%     84.08% |        1220      3.16%     87.24% |        1247      3.23%     90.47% |        1206      3.12%     93.59% |        1269      3.28%     96.87% |        1211      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        38660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1533      3.25%      3.25% |        1483      3.14%      6.39% |        1548      3.28%      9.67% |        1493      3.16%     12.83% |        1559      3.30%     16.13% |        1437      3.04%     19.18% |        1501      3.18%     22.36% |        1449      3.07%     25.42% |        1489      3.15%     28.58% |        1472      3.12%     31.70% |        1532      3.25%     34.94% |        1494      3.16%     38.11% |        1528      3.24%     41.34% |        1403      2.97%     44.31% |        1431      3.03%     47.35% |        1424      3.02%     50.36% |        1464      3.10%     53.46% |        1417      3.00%     56.46% |        1469      3.11%     59.58% |        1444      3.06%     62.64% |        1480      3.13%     65.77% |        1431      3.03%     68.80% |        1474      3.12%     71.92% |        1457      3.09%     75.01% |        1517      3.21%     78.22% |        1429      3.03%     81.25% |        1492      3.16%     84.41% |        1440      3.05%     87.46% |        1492      3.16%     90.62% |        1456      3.08%     93.70% |        1521      3.22%     96.93% |        1451      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        47210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2991      3.23%      3.23% |        2781      3.00%      6.22% |        2924      3.15%      9.38% |        2846      3.07%     12.45% |        2945      3.18%     15.62% |        2798      3.02%     18.64% |        2873      3.10%     21.74% |        2886      3.11%     24.85% |        2975      3.21%     28.06% |        2771      2.99%     31.05% |        3061      3.30%     34.35% |        2960      3.19%     37.54% |        3072      3.31%     40.85% |        2881      3.11%     43.96% |        2867      3.09%     47.05% |        2891      3.12%     50.17% |        2948      3.18%     53.35% |        2770      2.99%     56.33% |        2953      3.18%     59.52% |        2886      3.11%     62.63% |        2869      3.09%     65.72% |        2915      3.14%     68.87% |        2882      3.11%     71.98% |        2838      3.06%     75.04% |        2994      3.23%     78.27% |        2839      3.06%     81.33% |        2952      3.18%     84.51% |        2826      3.05%     87.56% |        2848      3.07%     90.63% |        2858      3.08%     93.71% |        2911      3.14%     96.85% |        2921      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        92732                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1278      3.32%      3.32% |        1221      3.18%      6.50% |        1266      3.29%      9.79% |        1206      3.14%     12.93% |        1257      3.27%     16.20% |        1173      3.05%     19.25% |        1189      3.09%     22.34% |        1133      2.95%     25.29% |        1194      3.11%     28.39% |        1158      3.01%     31.40% |        1236      3.21%     34.62% |        1189      3.09%     37.71% |        1204      3.13%     40.84% |        1138      2.96%     43.80% |        1163      3.02%     46.83% |        1123      2.92%     49.75% |        1150      2.99%     52.74% |        1146      2.98%     55.72% |        1173      3.05%     58.77% |        1191      3.10%     61.87% |        1229      3.20%     65.06% |        1175      3.06%     68.12% |        1222      3.18%     71.30% |        1202      3.13%     74.42% |        1266      3.29%     77.72% |        1210      3.15%     80.86% |        1243      3.23%     84.10% |        1205      3.13%     87.23% |        1240      3.22%     90.46% |        1203      3.13%     93.58% |        1261      3.28%     96.86% |        1206      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        38450                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      219837      5.19%      5.19% |      129617      3.06%      8.25% |      128246      3.03%     11.28% |      130407      3.08%     14.35% |      128277      3.03%     17.38% |      127780      3.02%     20.40% |      127717      3.01%     23.41% |      127183      3.00%     26.42% |      127602      3.01%     29.43% |      128252      3.03%     32.46% |      130031      3.07%     35.53% |      129069      3.05%     38.57% |      127785      3.02%     41.59% |      128553      3.03%     44.62% |      127121      3.00%     47.62% |      127193      3.00%     50.63% |      128020      3.02%     53.65% |      128052      3.02%     56.67% |      128281      3.03%     59.70% |      128742      3.04%     62.74% |      128781      3.04%     65.78% |      143396      3.38%     69.16% |      136955      3.23%     72.40% |      127877      3.02%     75.41% |      128182      3.03%     78.44% |      128513      3.03%     81.47% |      128086      3.02%     84.50% |      128048      3.02%     87.52% |      129203      3.05%     90.57% |      128370      3.03%     93.60% |      131905      3.11%     96.71% |      139183      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4236264                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         507      3.20%      3.20% |         450      2.84%      6.04% |         455      2.87%      8.91% |         450      2.84%     11.75% |         474      2.99%     14.74% |         431      2.72%     17.46% |         468      2.95%     20.42% |         492      3.10%     23.52% |         521      3.29%     26.81% |         455      2.87%     29.68% |         484      3.05%     32.73% |         495      3.12%     35.86% |         590      3.72%     39.58% |         516      3.26%     42.84% |         502      3.17%     46.01% |         509      3.21%     49.22% |         511      3.22%     52.44% |         531      3.35%     55.79% |         522      3.29%     59.09% |         481      3.04%     62.12% |         464      2.93%     65.05% |         505      3.19%     68.24% |         473      2.98%     71.22% |         453      2.86%     74.08% |         517      3.26%     77.34% |         559      3.53%     80.87% |         503      3.17%     84.05% |         460      2.90%     86.95% |         459      2.90%     89.85% |         550      3.47%     93.32% |         536      3.38%     96.70% |         523      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15846                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       50960      3.79%      3.79% |       41726      3.11%      6.90% |       41413      3.08%      9.98% |       41527      3.09%     13.07% |       41846      3.11%     16.18% |       41632      3.10%     19.28% |       41434      3.08%     22.37% |       41935      3.12%     25.49% |       42137      3.14%     28.62% |       41782      3.11%     31.73% |       41583      3.09%     34.83% |       41646      3.10%     37.93% |       42024      3.13%     41.05% |       41600      3.10%     44.15% |       41519      3.09%     47.24% |       41968      3.12%     50.36% |       42136      3.14%     53.50% |       41635      3.10%     56.60% |       41390      3.08%     59.68% |       41627      3.10%     62.78% |       41908      3.12%     65.90% |       41695      3.10%     69.00% |       41470      3.09%     72.08% |       41931      3.12%     75.20% |       42045      3.13%     78.33% |       41690      3.10%     81.44% |       41306      3.07%     84.51% |       41507      3.09%     87.60% |       41837      3.11%     90.71% |       41604      3.10%     93.81% |       41290      3.07%     96.88% |       41892      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1343695                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       35906      3.13%      3.13% |       35763      3.12%      6.25% |       35745      3.12%      9.37% |       35907      3.13%     12.50% |       35931      3.13%     15.63% |       35810      3.12%     18.76% |       35838      3.13%     21.88% |       35934      3.13%     25.01% |       35843      3.13%     28.14% |       35737      3.12%     31.26% |       35722      3.12%     34.37% |       35888      3.13%     37.50% |       35881      3.13%     40.63% |       35752      3.12%     43.75% |       35769      3.12%     46.87% |       35873      3.13%     50.00% |       35808      3.12%     53.12% |       35762      3.12%     56.24% |       35728      3.12%     59.36% |       35871      3.13%     62.48% |       35963      3.14%     65.62% |       35846      3.13%     68.75% |       35795      3.12%     71.87% |       35930      3.13%     75.00% |       35898      3.13%     78.13% |       35768      3.12%     81.25% |       35750      3.12%     84.37% |       35856      3.13%     87.50% |       35856      3.13%     90.62% |       35785      3.12%     93.74% |       35813      3.12%     96.87% |       35921      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1146649                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           9      2.94%      2.94% |           9      2.94%      5.88% |          11      3.59%      9.48% |           5      1.63%     11.11% |           9      2.94%     14.05% |          12      3.92%     17.97% |          13      4.25%     22.22% |           7      2.29%     24.51% |           5      1.63%     26.14% |          10      3.27%     29.41% |           8      2.61%     32.03% |          10      3.27%     35.29% |           7      2.29%     37.58% |           6      1.96%     39.54% |           6      1.96%     41.50% |          11      3.59%     45.10% |           6      1.96%     47.06% |          10      3.27%     50.33% |           6      1.96%     52.29% |          12      3.92%     56.21% |           9      2.94%     59.15% |          12      3.92%     63.07% |           7      2.29%     65.36% |          14      4.58%     69.93% |          20      6.54%     76.47% |          11      3.59%     80.07% |          11      3.59%     83.66% |          14      4.58%     88.24% |          11      3.59%     91.83% |           6      1.96%     93.79% |           7      2.29%     96.08% |          12      3.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2024      3.20%      3.20% |        1959      3.10%      6.30% |        1968      3.11%      9.41% |        1983      3.13%     12.54% |        1968      3.11%     15.65% |        2229      3.52%     19.17% |        1938      3.06%     22.24% |        1962      3.10%     25.34% |        1924      3.04%     28.38% |        1904      3.01%     31.39% |        1987      3.14%     34.53% |        1940      3.07%     37.60% |        1999      3.16%     40.76% |        1803      2.85%     43.61% |        1866      2.95%     46.56% |        1926      3.04%     49.60% |        2001      3.16%     52.76% |        1996      3.15%     55.92% |        2073      3.28%     59.19% |        1925      3.04%     62.24% |        2007      3.17%     65.41% |        1930      3.05%     68.46% |        1962      3.10%     71.56% |        1951      3.08%     74.64% |        2049      3.24%     77.88% |        1992      3.15%     81.03% |        1997      3.16%     84.19% |        1943      3.07%     87.26% |        2030      3.21%     90.47% |        1989      3.14%     93.61% |        2023      3.20%     96.81% |        2019      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        63267                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          27      2.55%      2.55% |          26      2.46%      5.01% |          25      2.36%      7.37% |          23      2.17%      9.55% |          26      2.46%     12.00% |          19      1.80%     13.80% |          26      2.46%     16.26% |          35      3.31%     19.57% |          34      3.21%     22.78% |          37      3.50%     26.28% |          40      3.78%     30.06% |          22      2.08%     32.14% |          30      2.84%     34.97% |          37      3.50%     38.47% |          30      2.84%     41.30% |          30      2.84%     44.14% |          35      3.31%     47.45% |          36      3.40%     50.85% |          46      4.35%     55.20% |          37      3.50%     58.70% |          33      3.12%     61.81% |          30      2.84%     64.65% |          43      4.06%     68.71% |          55      5.20%     73.91% |          37      3.50%     77.41% |          39      3.69%     81.10% |          44      4.16%     85.26% |          41      3.88%     89.13% |          29      2.74%     91.87% |          17      1.61%     93.48% |          32      3.02%     96.50% |          37      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total         1058                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        1981      3.22%      3.22% |        1890      3.07%      6.29% |        1944      3.16%      9.45% |        1897      3.08%     12.53% |        1991      3.24%     15.77% |        1844      3.00%     18.77% |        1916      3.11%     21.88% |        1896      3.08%     24.96% |        1965      3.19%     28.16% |        1891      3.07%     31.23% |        1965      3.19%     34.43% |        1946      3.16%     37.59% |        2074      3.37%     40.96% |        1889      3.07%     44.03% |        1894      3.08%     47.11% |        1895      3.08%     50.19% |        1935      3.15%     53.33% |        1913      3.11%     56.44% |        1939      3.15%     59.59% |        1876      3.05%     62.64% |        1895      3.08%     65.72% |        1891      3.07%     68.80% |        1877      3.05%     71.85% |        1856      3.02%     74.86% |        1978      3.21%     78.08% |        1948      3.17%     81.25% |        1945      3.16%     84.41% |        1853      3.01%     87.42% |        1894      3.08%     90.50% |        1957      3.18%     93.68% |        1985      3.23%     96.90% |        1905      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        61525                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      104307      8.30%      8.30% |       37502      2.98%     11.28% |       36488      2.90%     14.18% |       37526      2.99%     17.17% |       36351      2.89%     20.06% |       36244      2.88%     22.94% |       36131      2.87%     25.82% |       35622      2.83%     28.65% |       35648      2.84%     31.49% |       36329      2.89%     34.38% |       38160      3.04%     37.41% |       37623      2.99%     40.41% |       36133      2.87%     43.28% |       36750      2.92%     46.20% |       36050      2.87%     49.07% |       35648      2.84%     51.91% |       36247      2.88%     54.79% |       36274      2.89%     57.68% |       36764      2.92%     60.60% |       36948      2.94%     63.54% |       36455      2.90%     66.44% |       45093      3.59%     70.03% |       43674      3.47%     73.50% |       35936      2.86%     76.36% |       35709      2.84%     79.20% |       36772      2.93%     82.13% |       36399      2.90%     85.02% |       36160      2.88%     87.90% |       36438      2.90%     90.80% |       36056      2.87%     93.67% |       37162      2.96%     96.62% |       42469      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1257068                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       28846      5.81%      5.81% |       14838      2.99%      8.79% |       14817      2.98%     11.78% |       15680      3.16%     14.93% |       14409      2.90%     17.84% |       14331      2.89%     20.72% |       14571      2.93%     23.65% |       13975      2.81%     26.47% |       14232      2.87%     29.33% |       14691      2.96%     32.29% |       14811      2.98%     35.27% |       14182      2.86%     38.13% |       14039      2.83%     40.95% |       14735      2.97%     43.92% |       14042      2.83%     46.75% |       14017      2.82%     49.57% |       14161      2.85%     52.42% |       14672      2.95%     55.37% |       14678      2.96%     58.33% |       14544      2.93%     61.26% |       14690      2.96%     64.22% |       21030      4.23%     68.45% |       16229      3.27%     71.72% |       14310      2.88%     74.60% |       14760      2.97%     77.57% |       14497      2.92%     80.49% |       14856      2.99%     83.48% |       14743      2.97%     86.45% |       15280      3.08%     89.52% |       15142      3.05%     92.57% |       17822      3.59%     96.16% |       19074      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       496704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       43823      3.86%      3.86% |       35123      3.09%      6.95% |       35161      3.10%     10.05% |       35358      3.11%     13.16% |       35330      3.11%     16.27% |       35231      3.10%     19.37% |       35223      3.10%     22.47% |       35343      3.11%     25.58% |       35190      3.10%     28.68% |       35132      3.09%     31.77% |       35164      3.10%     34.87% |       35332      3.11%     37.98% |       35298      3.11%     41.09% |       35164      3.10%     44.18% |       35167      3.10%     47.28% |       35239      3.10%     50.38% |       35163      3.10%     53.48% |       35163      3.10%     56.57% |       35168      3.10%     59.67% |       35329      3.11%     62.78% |       35308      3.11%     65.89% |       35213      3.10%     68.99% |       35181      3.10%     72.08% |       35294      3.11%     75.19% |       35226      3.10%     78.29% |       35149      3.09%     81.39% |       35167      3.10%     84.48% |       35309      3.11%     87.59% |       35287      3.11%     90.70% |       35196      3.10%     93.80% |       35178      3.10%     96.89% |       35297      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1135906                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       38967      3.17%      3.17% |       38542      3.13%      6.30% |       38082      3.09%      9.39% |       38289      3.11%     12.50% |       38538      3.13%     15.64% |       38433      3.12%     18.76% |       38189      3.10%     21.86% |       38690      3.14%     25.00% |       38834      3.16%     28.16% |       38611      3.14%     31.30% |       38134      3.10%     34.40% |       38339      3.12%     37.51% |       38700      3.14%     40.66% |       38386      3.12%     43.78% |       38315      3.11%     46.89% |       38736      3.15%     50.04% |       38832      3.16%     53.19% |       38529      3.13%     56.32% |       38080      3.09%     59.42% |       38338      3.12%     62.53% |       38653      3.14%     65.67% |       38394      3.12%     68.79% |       38188      3.10%     71.90% |       38677      3.14%     75.04% |       38699      3.14%     78.18% |       38531      3.13%     81.31% |       37985      3.09%     84.40% |       38267      3.11%     87.51% |       38576      3.13%     90.64% |       38441      3.12%     93.77% |       38063      3.09%     96.86% |       38637      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1230675                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1278      3.32%      3.32% |        1221      3.18%      6.50% |        1266      3.29%      9.79% |        1206      3.14%     12.93% |        1257      3.27%     16.20% |        1173      3.05%     19.25% |        1189      3.09%     22.34% |        1133      2.95%     25.29% |        1194      3.11%     28.39% |        1158      3.01%     31.40% |        1236      3.21%     34.62% |        1189      3.09%     37.71% |        1204      3.13%     40.84% |        1138      2.96%     43.80% |        1163      3.02%     46.83% |        1123      2.92%     49.75% |        1150      2.99%     52.74% |        1146      2.98%     55.72% |        1173      3.05%     58.77% |        1191      3.10%     61.87% |        1229      3.20%     65.06% |        1175      3.06%     68.12% |        1222      3.18%     71.30% |        1202      3.13%     74.42% |        1266      3.29%     77.72% |        1210      3.15%     80.86% |        1243      3.23%     84.10% |        1205      3.13%     87.23% |        1240      3.22%     90.46% |        1203      3.13%     93.58% |        1261      3.28%     96.86% |        1206      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        38450                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          12      5.63%      5.63% |           4      1.88%      7.51% |           6      2.82%     10.33% |           7      3.29%     13.62% |           1      0.47%     14.08% |           5      2.35%     16.43% |          12      5.63%     22.07% |           3      1.41%     23.47% |          10      4.69%     28.17% |           6      2.82%     30.99% |          13      6.10%     37.09% |           7      3.29%     40.38% |           6      2.82%     43.19% |           2      0.94%     44.13% |           9      4.23%     48.36% |           4      1.88%     50.23% |           5      2.35%     52.58% |           5      2.35%     54.93% |          10      4.69%     59.62% |           4      1.88%     61.50% |           7      3.29%     64.79% |           4      1.88%     66.67% |           6      2.82%     69.48% |           5      2.35%     71.83% |           9      4.23%     76.06% |           5      2.35%     78.40% |          11      5.16%     83.57% |           4      1.88%     85.45% |           8      3.76%     89.20% |           4      1.88%     91.08% |          12      5.63%     96.71% |           7      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          213                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      216938      5.23%      5.23% |      126988      3.06%      8.29% |      125529      3.02%     11.31% |      127835      3.08%     14.39% |      125607      3.03%     17.41% |      125216      3.02%     20.43% |      125090      3.01%     23.44% |      124591      3.00%     26.45% |      124873      3.01%     29.45% |      125726      3.03%     32.48% |      127236      3.07%     35.55% |      126441      3.05%     38.59% |      125134      3.01%     41.61% |      125969      3.03%     44.64% |      124529      3.00%     47.64% |      124566      3.00%     50.64% |      125334      3.02%     53.66% |      125571      3.03%     56.69% |      125634      3.03%     59.72% |      126100      3.04%     62.75% |      126049      3.04%     65.79% |      140659      3.39%     69.18% |      134231      3.23%     72.41% |      125165      3.02%     75.43% |      125345      3.02%     78.45% |      125900      3.03%     81.48% |      125359      3.02%     84.50% |      125435      3.02%     87.52% |      126545      3.05%     90.57% |      125802      3.03%     93.60% |      129208      3.11%     96.71% |      136456      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4151061                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         318      3.95%      3.95% |         287      3.56%      7.51% |         242      3.01%     10.52% |         218      2.71%     13.23% |         237      2.94%     16.17% |         221      2.75%     18.92% |         227      2.82%     21.74% |         234      2.91%     24.64% |         304      3.78%     28.42% |         271      3.37%     31.78% |         232      2.88%     34.67% |         200      2.48%     37.15% |         231      2.87%     40.02% |         244      3.03%     43.05% |         227      2.82%     45.87% |         254      3.15%     49.02% |         311      3.86%     52.89% |         261      3.24%     56.13% |         222      2.76%     58.89% |         235      2.92%     61.81% |         233      2.89%     64.70% |         239      2.97%     67.67% |         245      3.04%     70.71% |         267      3.32%     74.03% |         328      4.07%     78.10% |         274      3.40%     81.51% |         247      3.07%     84.57% |         226      2.81%     87.38% |         248      3.08%     90.46% |         253      3.14%     93.60% |         255      3.17%     96.77% |         260      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total         8051                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        1170      3.21%      3.21% |        1049      2.88%      6.08% |        1137      3.12%      9.20% |        1074      2.94%     12.15% |        1109      3.04%     15.19% |        1095      3.00%     18.19% |        1137      3.12%     21.31% |        1152      3.16%     24.47% |        1162      3.19%     27.65% |        1022      2.80%     30.46% |        1247      3.42%     33.87% |        1166      3.20%     37.07% |        1144      3.14%     40.21% |        1139      3.12%     43.33% |        1140      3.13%     46.46% |        1180      3.24%     49.69% |        1167      3.20%     52.89% |        1016      2.79%     55.68% |        1184      3.25%     58.93% |        1155      3.17%     62.09% |        1200      3.29%     65.38% |        1262      3.46%     68.84% |        1201      3.29%     72.14% |        1174      3.22%     75.36% |        1181      3.24%     78.59% |        1069      2.93%     81.52% |        1168      3.20%     84.73% |        1122      3.08%     87.80% |        1101      3.02%     90.82% |        1046      2.87%     93.69% |        1112      3.05%     96.74% |        1189      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        36470                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13      7.26%      7.26% |           0      0.00%      7.26% |           0      0.00%      7.26% |           0      0.00%      7.26% |          41     22.91%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |           0      0.00%     30.17% |          42     23.46%     53.63% |          39     21.79%     75.42% |          44     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          15      1.46%      1.46% |          16      1.56%      3.02% |          26      2.54%      5.56% |          24      2.34%      7.90% |          14      1.37%      9.27% |          17      1.66%     10.93% |          15      1.46%     12.39% |          23      2.24%     14.63% |          18      1.76%     16.39% |          27      2.63%     19.02% |          63      6.15%     25.17% |          17      1.66%     26.83% |          35      3.41%     30.24% |          34      3.32%     33.56% |          29      2.83%     36.39% |          31      3.02%     39.41% |          39      3.80%     43.22% |          30      2.93%     46.15% |          28      2.73%     48.88% |          24      2.34%     51.22% |          23      2.24%     53.46% |         152     14.83%     68.29% |          54      5.27%     73.56% |          70      6.83%     80.39% |          36      3.51%     83.90% |          29      2.83%     86.73% |          48      4.68%     91.41% |          21      2.05%     93.46% |          16      1.56%     95.02% |          21      2.05%     97.07% |          11      1.07%     98.15% |          19      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total         1025                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           7      2.46%      2.46% |           1      0.35%      2.81% |           4      1.40%      4.21% |           5      1.75%      5.96% |           4      1.40%      7.37% |           5      1.75%      9.12% |           3      1.05%     10.18% |           8      2.81%     12.98% |           4      1.40%     14.39% |          12      4.21%     18.60% |           6      2.11%     20.70% |           3      1.05%     21.75% |          10      3.51%     25.26% |           5      1.75%     27.02% |           6      2.11%     29.12% |           7      2.46%     31.58% |           9      3.16%     34.74% |           8      2.81%     37.54% |          11      3.86%     41.40% |           6      2.11%     43.51% |          72     25.26%     68.77% |          19      6.67%     75.44% |           3      1.05%     76.49% |           4      1.40%     77.89% |           8      2.81%     80.70% |           6      2.11%     82.81% |          10      3.51%     86.32% |           8      2.81%     89.12% |           8      2.81%     91.93% |          13      4.56%     96.49% |           6      2.11%     98.60% |           4      1.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          285                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      2.78%      2.78% |           0      0.00%      2.78% |           2      2.78%      5.56% |           3      4.17%      9.72% |           3      4.17%     13.89% |           0      0.00%     13.89% |           1      1.39%     15.28% |           3      4.17%     19.44% |           3      4.17%     23.61% |           2      2.78%     26.39% |           1      1.39%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           6      8.33%     36.11% |           3      4.17%     40.28% |           1      1.39%     41.67% |           1      1.39%     43.06% |           4      5.56%     48.61% |           0      0.00%     48.61% |           3      4.17%     52.78% |           2      2.78%     55.56% |           1      1.39%     56.94% |           1      1.39%     58.33% |           4      5.56%     63.89% |           4      5.56%     69.44% |           6      8.33%     77.78% |           1      1.39%     79.17% |           3      4.17%     83.33% |           4      5.56%     88.89% |           1      1.39%     90.28% |           0      0.00%     90.28% |           4      5.56%     95.83% |           3      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           72                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       86349      3.49%      3.49% |       76915      3.11%      6.60% |       76589      3.10%      9.70% |       76860      3.11%     12.80% |       77227      3.12%     15.93% |       76849      3.11%     19.03% |       76716      3.10%     22.14% |       77337      3.13%     25.26% |       77477      3.13%     28.39% |       76950      3.11%     31.51% |       76765      3.10%     34.61% |       77005      3.11%     37.72% |       77471      3.13%     40.85% |       76844      3.11%     43.96% |       76766      3.10%     47.07% |       77326      3.13%     50.19% |       77431      3.13%     53.32% |       76904      3.11%     56.43% |       76616      3.10%     59.53% |       76955      3.11%     62.64% |       77311      3.13%     65.77% |       77023      3.11%     68.88% |       76713      3.10%     71.98% |       77290      3.12%     75.11% |       77436      3.13%     78.24% |       76993      3.11%     81.35% |       76535      3.09%     84.44% |       76798      3.10%     87.55% |       77128      3.12%     90.67% |       76915      3.11%     93.78% |       76615      3.10%     96.87% |       77312      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2473421                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.86%      2.86% |           0      0.00%      2.86% |           4     11.43%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      2.86%     17.14% |           0      0.00%     17.14% |           1      2.86%     20.00% |           1      2.86%     22.86% |           0      0.00%     22.86% |           0      0.00%     22.86% |           1      2.86%     25.71% |           2      5.71%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           2      5.71%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2      5.71%     48.57% |           1      2.86%     51.43% |           3      8.57%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           3      8.57%     68.57% |           3      8.57%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           2      5.71%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           2      5.71%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         371      4.60%      4.60% |         285      3.54%      8.14% |         241      2.99%     11.13% |         216      2.68%     13.81% |         236      2.93%     16.74% |         221      2.74%     19.48% |         226      2.80%     22.29% |         232      2.88%     25.16% |         303      3.76%     28.92% |         270      3.35%     32.27% |         229      2.84%     35.12% |         198      2.46%     37.57% |         231      2.87%     40.44% |         243      3.02%     43.45% |         226      2.80%     46.26% |         253      3.14%     49.40% |         311      3.86%     53.26% |         259      3.21%     56.47% |         221      2.74%     59.21% |         234      2.90%     62.12% |         231      2.87%     64.98% |         236      2.93%     67.91% |         242      3.00%     70.91% |         264      3.28%     74.19% |         326      4.05%     78.24% |         272      3.38%     81.61% |         247      3.06%     84.68% |         226      2.80%     87.48% |         245      3.04%     90.52% |         252      3.13%     93.65% |         255      3.16%     96.81% |         257      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total         8059                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.88%      5.88% |           2      3.92%      9.80% |           1      1.96%     11.76% |           2      3.92%     15.69% |           1      1.96%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           1      1.96%     19.61% |           3      5.88%     25.49% |           1      1.96%     27.45% |           2      3.92%     31.37% |           3      5.88%     37.25% |           2      3.92%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           1      1.96%     43.14% |           1      1.96%     45.10% |           1      1.96%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           2      3.92%     50.98% |           1      1.96%     52.94% |           1      1.96%     54.90% |           2      3.92%     58.82% |           3      5.88%     64.71% |           3      5.88%     70.59% |           4      7.84%     78.43% |           2      3.92%     82.35% |           2      3.92%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           3      5.88%     92.16% |           1      1.96%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           3      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           51                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           1      3.33%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |          22     73.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     18.97%     18.97% |          47     81.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           58                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           7      3.87%      3.87% |           6      3.31%      7.18% |          11      6.08%     13.26% |           3      1.66%     14.92% |           6      3.31%     18.23% |           7      3.87%     22.10% |           7      3.87%     25.97% |           5      2.76%     28.73% |           2      1.10%     29.83% |           5      2.76%     32.60% |           7      3.87%     36.46% |           4      2.21%     38.67% |           4      2.21%     40.88% |           5      2.76%     43.65% |           5      2.76%     46.41% |           8      4.42%     50.83% |           2      1.10%     51.93% |           3      1.66%     53.59% |           4      2.21%     55.80% |           6      3.31%     59.12% |           6      3.31%     62.43% |           6      3.31%     65.75% |           4      2.21%     67.96% |          10      5.52%     73.48% |           8      4.42%     77.90% |           6      3.31%     81.22% |           6      3.31%     84.53% |           9      4.97%     89.50% |           3      1.66%     91.16% |           3      1.66%     92.82% |           5      2.76%     95.58% |           8      4.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          181                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         158      3.09%      3.09% |         155      3.03%      6.11% |         148      2.89%      9.01% |         123      2.40%     11.41% |         148      2.89%     14.30% |         139      2.72%     17.02% |         176      3.44%     20.45% |         160      3.13%     23.58% |         150      2.93%     26.51% |         140      2.73%     29.24% |         146      2.85%     32.10% |         149      2.91%     35.01% |         140      2.73%     37.74% |         145      2.83%     40.57% |         165      3.22%     43.80% |         179      3.50%     47.29% |         151      2.95%     50.24% |         155      3.03%     53.27% |         165      3.22%     56.50% |         139      2.72%     59.21% |         222      4.34%     63.55% |         236      4.61%     68.16% |         192      3.75%     71.91% |         186      3.63%     75.54% |         155      3.03%     78.57% |         175      3.42%     81.99% |         153      2.99%     84.98% |         134      2.62%     87.60% |         143      2.79%     90.39% |         143      2.79%     93.18% |         178      3.48%     96.66% |         171      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         5119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           6      2.79%      2.79% |           6      2.79%      5.58% |          11      5.12%     10.70% |           5      2.33%     13.02% |           8      3.72%     16.74% |           5      2.33%     19.07% |           7      3.26%     22.33% |           5      2.33%     24.65% |           3      1.40%     26.05% |           5      2.33%     28.37% |           8      3.72%     32.09% |           5      2.33%     34.42% |           7      3.26%     37.67% |           3      1.40%     39.07% |           4      1.86%     40.93% |           6      2.79%     43.72% |           3      1.40%     45.12% |           6      2.79%     47.91% |           7      3.26%     51.16% |           7      3.26%     54.42% |           6      2.79%     57.21% |           7      3.26%     60.47% |           7      3.26%     63.72% |          10      4.65%     68.37% |          14      6.51%     74.88% |           5      2.33%     77.21% |           9      4.19%     81.40% |          15      6.98%     88.37% |           7      3.26%     91.63% |           3      1.40%     93.02% |           8      3.72%     96.74% |           7      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          215                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        1006      3.23%      3.23% |         888      2.85%      6.08% |         978      3.14%      9.22% |         946      3.04%     12.26% |         953      3.06%     15.32% |         951      3.05%     18.38% |         954      3.06%     21.44% |         987      3.17%     24.61% |        1009      3.24%     27.85% |         877      2.82%     30.67% |        1093      3.51%     34.18% |        1012      3.25%     37.43% |         997      3.20%     40.63% |         991      3.18%     43.81% |         971      3.12%     46.93% |         995      3.20%     50.13% |        1013      3.25%     53.38% |         855      2.75%     56.13% |        1012      3.25%     59.38% |        1009      3.24%     62.62% |         972      3.12%     65.74% |        1019      3.27%     69.01% |        1002      3.22%     72.23% |         978      3.14%     75.37% |        1012      3.25%     78.62% |         889      2.86%     81.48% |        1006      3.23%     84.71% |         973      3.12%     87.83% |         951      3.05%     90.89% |         900      2.89%     93.78% |         926      2.97%     96.75% |        1011      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        31136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           3     18.75%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           2     12.50%     68.75% |           2     12.50%     81.25% |           2     12.50%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1533      3.25%      3.25% |        1483      3.14%      6.39% |        1548      3.28%      9.67% |        1493      3.16%     12.83% |        1559      3.30%     16.13% |        1437      3.04%     19.18% |        1501      3.18%     22.36% |        1449      3.07%     25.43% |        1489      3.15%     28.58% |        1472      3.12%     31.70% |        1532      3.25%     34.95% |        1494      3.16%     38.11% |        1528      3.24%     41.35% |        1403      2.97%     44.32% |        1431      3.03%     47.35% |        1424      3.02%     50.37% |        1464      3.10%     53.47% |        1417      3.00%     56.47% |        1469      3.11%     59.58% |        1444      3.06%     62.64% |        1480      3.14%     65.78% |        1429      3.03%     68.80% |        1474      3.12%     71.93% |        1457      3.09%     75.01% |        1517      3.21%     78.23% |        1429      3.03%     81.25% |        1491      3.16%     84.41% |        1440      3.05%     87.46% |        1492      3.16%     90.62% |        1456      3.08%     93.71% |        1521      3.22%     96.93% |        1449      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        47205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        1981      3.22%      3.22% |        1890      3.07%      6.29% |        1944      3.16%      9.45% |        1897      3.08%     12.53% |        1991      3.24%     15.77% |        1844      3.00%     18.77% |        1916      3.11%     21.88% |        1896      3.08%     24.96% |        1965      3.19%     28.16% |        1891      3.07%     31.23% |        1965      3.19%     34.43% |        1946      3.16%     37.59% |        2074      3.37%     40.96% |        1889      3.07%     44.03% |        1894      3.08%     47.11% |        1895      3.08%     50.19% |        1935      3.15%     53.33% |        1913      3.11%     56.44% |        1939      3.15%     59.59% |        1876      3.05%     62.64% |        1895      3.08%     65.72% |        1891      3.07%     68.80% |        1877      3.05%     71.85% |        1856      3.02%     74.86% |        1978      3.21%     78.08% |        1948      3.17%     81.25% |        1945      3.16%     84.41% |        1853      3.01%     87.42% |        1894      3.08%     90.50% |        1957      3.18%     93.68% |        1985      3.23%     96.90% |        1905      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        61525                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         196      2.42%      2.42% |         218      2.69%      5.11% |         224      2.76%      7.87% |         241      2.97%     10.85% |         261      3.22%     14.07% |         243      3.00%     17.07% |         269      3.32%     20.39% |         286      3.53%     23.92% |         268      3.31%     27.22% |         295      3.64%     30.87% |         258      3.18%     34.05% |         277      3.42%     37.47% |         303      3.74%     41.21% |         286      3.53%     44.74% |         272      3.36%     48.09% |         317      3.91%     52.01% |         337      4.16%     56.16% |         296      3.65%     59.82% |         297      3.67%     63.48% |         255      3.15%     66.63% |         243      3.00%     69.63% |         272      3.36%     72.99% |         219      2.70%     75.69% |         235      2.90%     78.59% |         242      2.99%     81.57% |         219      2.70%     84.28% |         238      2.94%     87.21% |         222      2.74%     89.95% |         218      2.69%     92.64% |         221      2.73%     95.37% |         195      2.41%     97.78% |         180      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         8103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       50764      3.80%      3.80% |       41508      3.11%      6.91% |       41189      3.08%      9.99% |       41286      3.09%     13.08% |       41585      3.11%     16.20% |       41389      3.10%     19.30% |       41165      3.08%     22.38% |       41649      3.12%     25.50% |       41869      3.13%     28.63% |       41487      3.11%     31.74% |       41325      3.09%     34.83% |       41369      3.10%     37.93% |       41721      3.12%     41.05% |       41314      3.09%     44.15% |       41247      3.09%     47.24% |       41651      3.12%     50.35% |       41799      3.13%     53.48% |       41339      3.10%     56.58% |       41093      3.08%     59.66% |       41372      3.10%     62.75% |       41665      3.12%     65.87% |       41423      3.10%     68.97% |       41251      3.09%     72.06% |       41696      3.12%     75.18% |       41803      3.13%     78.31% |       41471      3.11%     81.42% |       41068      3.07%     84.49% |       41285      3.09%     87.59% |       41619      3.12%     90.70% |       41383      3.10%     93.80% |       41095      3.08%     96.88% |       41712      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1335592                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         703      2.94%      2.94% |         668      2.79%      5.73% |         679      2.84%      8.56% |         691      2.89%     11.45% |         735      3.07%     14.52% |         674      2.81%     17.33% |         737      3.08%     20.41% |         778      3.25%     23.66% |         789      3.29%     26.95% |         750      3.13%     30.08% |         742      3.10%     33.18% |         772      3.22%     36.41% |         893      3.73%     40.13% |         802      3.35%     43.48% |         774      3.23%     46.72% |         826      3.45%     50.16% |         848      3.54%     53.71% |         827      3.45%     57.16% |         819      3.42%     60.58% |         736      3.07%     63.65% |         707      2.95%     66.61% |         777      3.24%     69.85% |         691      2.89%     72.74% |         688      2.87%     75.61% |         759      3.17%     78.78% |         778      3.25%     82.03% |         741      3.09%     85.12% |         681      2.84%     87.97% |         677      2.83%     90.79% |         771      3.22%     94.01% |         731      3.05%     97.06% |         703      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        23947                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       35906      3.13%      3.13% |       35763      3.12%      6.25% |       35745      3.12%      9.37% |       35907      3.13%     12.50% |       35931      3.13%     15.63% |       35810      3.12%     18.76% |       35838      3.13%     21.88% |       35934      3.13%     25.01% |       35843      3.13%     28.14% |       35737      3.12%     31.26% |       35722      3.12%     34.37% |       35888      3.13%     37.50% |       35881      3.13%     40.63% |       35752      3.12%     43.75% |       35769      3.12%     46.87% |       35873      3.13%     50.00% |       35808      3.12%     53.12% |       35762      3.12%     56.24% |       35728      3.12%     59.36% |       35871      3.13%     62.48% |       35963      3.14%     65.62% |       35846      3.13%     68.75% |       35795      3.12%     71.87% |       35930      3.13%     75.00% |       35898      3.13%     78.13% |       35768      3.12%     81.25% |       35750      3.12%     84.37% |       35856      3.13%     87.50% |       35856      3.13%     90.62% |       35785      3.12%     93.74% |       35813      3.12%     96.87% |       35921      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1146649                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          31      1.55%      1.55% |          39      1.96%      3.51% |          43      2.16%      5.67% |          37      1.86%      7.52% |          54      2.71%     10.23% |          56      2.81%     13.04% |          46      2.31%     15.35% |          56      2.81%     18.15% |          67      3.36%     21.51% |          60      3.01%     24.52% |          72      3.61%     28.13% |          64      3.21%     31.34% |          68      3.41%     34.75% |          71      3.56%     38.31% |          84      4.21%     42.53% |          75      3.76%     46.29% |          73      3.66%     49.95% |          74      3.71%     53.66% |          64      3.21%     56.87% |          86      4.31%     61.18% |          69      3.46%     64.64% |          64      3.21%     67.85% |          79      3.96%     71.82% |          77      3.86%     75.68% |          63      3.16%     78.84% |          59      2.96%     81.80% |          76      3.81%     85.61% |          82      4.11%     89.72% |          52      2.61%     92.33% |          52      2.61%     94.93% |          57      2.86%     97.79% |          44      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         1994                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          55      2.18%      2.18% |          61      2.42%      4.60% |          64      2.54%      7.13% |          57      2.26%      9.39% |          56      2.22%     11.61% |          65      2.58%     14.19% |          39      1.55%     15.74% |          48      1.90%     17.64% |          65      2.58%     20.21% |          96      3.80%     24.02% |          64      2.54%     26.56% |          56      2.22%     28.78% |         103      4.08%     32.86% |          93      3.69%     36.54% |          71      2.81%     39.36% |         108      4.28%     43.64% |          83      3.29%     46.93% |          91      3.61%     50.54% |          86      3.41%     53.94% |          49      1.94%     55.89% |          85      3.37%     59.25% |         139      5.51%     64.76% |          81      3.21%     67.97% |         158      6.26%     74.24% |         119      4.72%     78.95% |          81      3.21%     82.16% |         110      4.36%     86.52% |          87      3.45%     89.97% |          48      1.90%     91.87% |          78      3.09%     94.97% |          57      2.26%     97.23% |          70      2.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total         2523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           1      4.55%      9.09% |           1      4.55%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           1      4.55%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           1      4.55%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      4.55%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      4.55%     54.55% |           2      9.09%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           3     13.64%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      219835      5.19%      5.19% |      129615      3.06%      8.25% |      128245      3.03%     11.28% |      130406      3.08%     14.35% |      128277      3.03%     17.38% |      127779      3.02%     20.40% |      127717      3.01%     23.41% |      127183      3.00%     26.42% |      127602      3.01%     29.43% |      128250      3.03%     32.46% |      130031      3.07%     35.53% |      129069      3.05%     38.57% |      127780      3.02%     41.59% |      128553      3.03%     44.62% |      127117      3.00%     47.62% |      127193      3.00%     50.63% |      128020      3.02%     53.65% |      128052      3.02%     56.67% |      128273      3.03%     59.70% |      128739      3.04%     62.74% |      128780      3.04%     65.78% |      143396      3.38%     69.16% |      136955      3.23%     72.40% |      127877      3.02%     75.41% |      128179      3.03%     78.44% |      128513      3.03%     81.47% |      128084      3.02%     84.50% |      128048      3.02%     87.52% |      129201      3.05%     90.57% |      128370      3.03%     93.60% |      131904      3.11%     96.71% |      139183      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4236226                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          24      2.60%      2.60% |          22      2.38%      4.98% |          22      2.38%      7.36% |          19      2.06%      9.42% |          24      2.60%     12.01% |          16      1.73%     13.74% |          22      2.38%     16.13% |          29      3.14%     19.26% |          30      3.25%     22.51% |          32      3.46%     25.97% |          36      3.90%     29.87% |          18      1.95%     31.82% |          25      2.71%     34.52% |          34      3.68%     38.20% |          28      3.03%     41.23% |          27      2.92%     44.16% |          28      3.03%     47.19% |          34      3.68%     50.87% |          36      3.90%     54.76% |          31      3.35%     58.12% |          31      3.35%     61.47% |          30      3.25%     64.72% |          38      4.11%     68.83% |          50      5.41%     74.24% |          32      3.46%     77.71% |          32      3.46%     81.17% |          43      4.65%     85.82% |          40      4.33%     90.15% |          23      2.49%     92.64% |          14      1.52%     94.16% |          25      2.71%     96.86% |          29      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          924                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1257      3.47%      3.47% |        1204      3.32%      6.79% |        1139      3.14%      9.93% |        1099      3.03%     12.96% |        1119      3.09%     16.05% |        1072      2.96%     19.01% |        1161      3.20%     22.21% |        1125      3.10%     25.32% |        1112      3.07%     28.38% |        1057      2.92%     31.30% |        1151      3.18%     34.48% |        1123      3.10%     37.57% |        1136      3.13%     40.71% |        1096      3.02%     43.73% |        1107      3.05%     46.79% |        1058      2.92%     49.71% |        1120      3.09%     52.80% |        1123      3.10%     55.89% |        1103      3.04%     58.94% |        1143      3.15%     62.09% |        1137      3.14%     65.23% |        1088      3.00%     68.23% |        1147      3.16%     71.39% |        1149      3.17%     74.56% |        1181      3.26%     77.82% |        1136      3.13%     80.96% |        1186      3.27%     84.23% |        1145      3.16%     87.39% |        1148      3.17%     90.56% |        1115      3.08%     93.63% |        1167      3.22%     96.85% |        1141      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        36245                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          21      0.95%      0.95% |          17      0.77%      1.73% |         127      5.77%      7.50% |         107      4.86%     12.36% |         138      6.27%     18.64% |         101      4.59%     23.23% |          28      1.27%     24.50% |           8      0.36%     24.86% |          82      3.73%     28.59% |         101      4.59%     33.18% |          85      3.86%     37.05% |          66      3.00%     40.05% |          68      3.09%     43.14% |          42      1.91%     45.05% |          56      2.55%     47.59% |          65      2.95%     50.55% |          30      1.36%     51.91% |          23      1.05%     52.95% |          70      3.18%     56.14% |          48      2.18%     58.32% |          92      4.18%     62.50% |          85      3.86%     66.36% |          75      3.41%     69.77% |          53      2.41%     72.18% |          85      3.86%     76.05% |          74      3.36%     79.41% |          56      2.55%     81.95% |          60      2.73%     84.68% |          92      4.18%     88.86% |          88      4.00%     92.86% |          94      4.27%     97.14% |          63      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2200                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          21      0.95%      0.95% |          17      0.77%      1.73% |         127      5.77%      7.50% |         107      4.86%     12.36% |         138      6.27%     18.64% |         101      4.59%     23.23% |          28      1.27%     24.50% |           8      0.36%     24.86% |          82      3.73%     28.59% |         101      4.59%     33.18% |          85      3.86%     37.05% |          66      3.00%     40.05% |          68      3.09%     43.14% |          42      1.91%     45.05% |          56      2.55%     47.59% |          65      2.95%     50.55% |          30      1.36%     51.91% |          23      1.05%     52.95% |          70      3.18%     56.14% |          48      2.18%     58.32% |          92      4.18%     62.50% |          85      3.86%     66.36% |          75      3.41%     69.77% |          53      2.41%     72.18% |          85      3.86%     76.05% |          74      3.36%     79.41% |          56      2.55%     81.95% |          60      2.73%     84.68% |          92      4.18%     88.86% |          88      4.00%     92.86% |          94      4.27%     97.14% |          63      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2200                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           4      6.90%      6.90% |           1      1.72%      8.62% |           0      0.00%      8.62% |           0      0.00%      8.62% |           1      1.72%     10.34% |           2      3.45%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           2      3.45%     17.24% |           4      6.90%     24.14% |           0      0.00%     24.14% |           1      1.72%     25.86% |           3      5.17%     31.03% |           4      6.90%     37.93% |           2      3.45%     41.38% |           2      3.45%     44.83% |           3      5.17%     50.00% |           2      3.45%     53.45% |           2      3.45%     56.90% |           3      5.17%     62.07% |           3      5.17%     67.24% |           2      3.45%     70.69% |           0      0.00%     70.69% |           0      0.00%     70.69% |           3      5.17%     75.86% |           3      5.17%     81.03% |           0      0.00%     81.03% |           0      0.00%     81.03% |           4      6.90%     87.93% |           0      0.00%     87.93% |           2      3.45%     91.38% |           3      5.17%     96.55% |           2      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           58                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1257      3.47%      3.47% |        1204      3.32%      6.79% |        1139      3.14%      9.93% |        1099      3.03%     12.96% |        1119      3.09%     16.05% |        1072      2.96%     19.01% |        1161      3.20%     22.21% |        1125      3.10%     25.31% |        1112      3.07%     28.38% |        1057      2.92%     31.30% |        1151      3.18%     34.47% |        1123      3.10%     37.57% |        1136      3.13%     40.70% |        1096      3.02%     43.73% |        1107      3.05%     46.78% |        1058      2.92%     49.70% |        1120      3.09%     52.79% |        1123      3.10%     55.89% |        1103      3.04%     58.93% |        1143      3.15%     62.08% |        1137      3.14%     65.22% |        1090      3.01%     68.23% |        1147      3.16%     71.39% |        1149      3.17%     74.56% |        1181      3.26%     77.82% |        1136      3.13%     80.95% |        1187      3.27%     84.23% |        1145      3.16%     87.38% |        1148      3.17%     90.55% |        1115      3.08%     93.63% |        1167      3.22%     96.85% |        1143      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        36250                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      489480     19.53%     19.53% |     1253115     50.00%     69.53% |      181760      7.25%     76.78% |      194333      7.75%     84.54% |      190120      7.59%     92.12% |      197422      7.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2506230                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      489480     19.53%     19.53% |     1253115     50.00%     69.53% |      181760      7.25%     76.78% |      194333      7.75%     84.54% |      190120      7.59%     92.12% |      197422      7.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2506230                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      489480     19.53%     19.53% |     1253115     50.00%     69.53% |      181760      7.25%     76.78% |      194333      7.75%     84.54% |      190120      7.59%     92.12% |      197422      7.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2506230                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      489480     19.53%     19.53% |     1253115     50.00%     69.53% |      181760      7.25%     76.78% |      194333      7.75%     84.54% |      190120      7.59%     92.12% |      197422      7.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2506230                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
