
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.062641                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62641215500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5238809294000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  77448                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   128820                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               90674671                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4613344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   690.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    53503812                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88993151                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4974336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4974336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3964224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3964224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     79409953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             79409953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     63284596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            63284596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    142694549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           142694549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77724                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61941                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77724                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61941                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4972928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3964032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4974336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3964224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  62640721500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77724                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61941                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  75925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        43145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.134824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   150.208822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.187395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        16027     37.15%     37.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11593     26.87%     64.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10699     24.80%     88.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1777      4.12%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1150      2.67%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          552      1.28%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          361      0.84%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          406      0.94%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          580      1.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        43145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.306412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.396742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12314     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.027435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.024320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.195478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          12035     97.69%     97.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            272      2.21%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-9             12      0.10%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   777289750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2234202250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10003.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28753.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       79.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       63.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    79.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    63.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56615                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  39878                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               64.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    448506.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   12697214750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     2091700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    47851848250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              164800440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              161375760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               89920875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               88052250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305494800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300565200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199434960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201923280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         4091365200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         4091365200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        26095959450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        25710209100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14693192250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        15031569750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          45640167975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          45585060540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          728.603141                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          727.723402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4889536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4889536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3886592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3886592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     78056212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             78056212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     62045284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            62045284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    140101496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           140101496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76399                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60728                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76399                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60728                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4888640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3886592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4889536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3886592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  62640474000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76399                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60728                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  75270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  12101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  12111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        40639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.921848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.357869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   190.794133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13919     34.25%     34.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11202     27.56%     61.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10655     26.22%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1760      4.33%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1151      2.83%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          594      1.46%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          378      0.93%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          396      0.97%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          584      1.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        40639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.312288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.963829                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12096     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        12101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.018428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.016493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.152362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11901     98.35%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            194      1.60%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              6      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        12101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   710621750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2142840500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9303.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28053.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       78.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       62.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    78.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    62.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   56170                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  40298                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    456806.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   13308014750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     2091700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    47240940250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              156658320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              150557400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               85478250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               82149375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             301267200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294504600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            196020000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197465040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         4091365200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         4091365200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25682971365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        25066797660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        15055462500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15595965750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          45569222835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          45478805025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          727.470567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          726.027131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4889152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4889152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3887744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3887744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     78050082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             78050082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     62063674                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            62063674                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    140113756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           140113756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76393                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76393                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60746                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4888192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3887680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4889152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3887744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  62640959000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76393                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60746                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  75370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  12111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        40693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.655764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.110837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   190.870435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13984     34.36%     34.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11157     27.42%     61.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10714     26.33%     88.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1728      4.25%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1160      2.85%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          554      1.36%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          424      1.04%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          374      0.92%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          598      1.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        40693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.307210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.027255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12104     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        12109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.016517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.014808                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.142740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11928     98.51%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            177      1.46%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        12109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   724040750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2156128250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9479.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28229.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       78.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       62.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    78.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    62.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   56133                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  40295                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               66.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    456769.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   13260408500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     2091700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    47288546500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              156809520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              150829560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               85560750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               82297875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             301126800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294598200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            196000560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197627040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         4091365200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         4091365200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25715216835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        25284958605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        15027177000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15404596500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          45573256665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          45506272980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          727.534964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          726.465631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4864192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4864192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3879488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3879488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        76003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              76003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     77651622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             77651622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     61931876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            61931876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    139583498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           139583498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      76003                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60617                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    76003                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60617                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4863552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3879488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4864192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3879488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  62640140000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                76003                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60617                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  74978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  12081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  12086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        40239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.266632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   158.265998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   192.040382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13668     33.97%     33.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11014     27.37%     61.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10704     26.60%     87.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1758      4.37%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1162      2.89%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          520      1.29%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          396      0.98%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          425      1.06%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          592      1.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        40239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.290291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.999013                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12075     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        12081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.017548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.015862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.139856                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11882     98.35%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            198      1.64%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        12081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   692158000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2117026750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9108.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               27858.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       77.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       61.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    77.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    61.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55970                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  40396                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               66.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    458499.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   13369715500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     2091700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    47179339500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              154556640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              149642640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               84331500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               81650250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             299013000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293701200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195372000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197393760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         4091365200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         4091365200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25595486910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        25090334955                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        15132203250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15575319000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          45552328500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          45479407005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          727.200865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          726.036741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1372                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1372                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               215                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              215                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4039                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4899                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              449540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              111040                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1823000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3726729                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.906428                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.629622                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                24.418806                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3688094     98.96%     98.96% |       33042      0.89%     99.85% |        3137      0.08%     99.93% |        1354      0.04%     99.97% |         678      0.02%     99.99% |         260      0.01%    100.00% |         155      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3726729                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     32052158                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.636004                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.470235                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.908428                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    30929451     96.50%     96.50% |     1066914      3.33%     99.83% |       39601      0.12%     99.95% |        9764      0.03%     99.98% |        3335      0.01%     99.99% |        2284      0.01%    100.00% |         605      0.00%    100.00% |         157      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      32052158                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            32052155                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               6.030005                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.249459                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             25.095749                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31990141     99.81%     99.81% |       55172      0.17%     99.98% |        5843      0.02%    100.00% |         904      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              32052155                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        31353520                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.002336                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.002013                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.048697                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    31280917     99.77%     99.77% |       71963      0.23%    100.00% |         640      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          31353520                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         698635                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        141.906523                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       113.646732                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       100.100252                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      636621     91.12%     91.12% |       55172      7.90%     99.02% |        5843      0.84%     99.86% |         904      0.13%     99.99% |          77      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           698635                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         481323                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       481323                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     19573757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289513                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     19863270                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10292609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123399                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10416008                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      3102481                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        16131                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store      1254761                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1320908                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39950                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1487154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       285688                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1772842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       143662                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        38813                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        10984                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        49797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12208                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         9579                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        21787                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         9612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        22604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        13198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         9529                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        22727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11034                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         9567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        20601                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        11393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         9582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        20975                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        10186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         9571                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        19757                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        10516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         9512                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        20028                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11721                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses         9563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21284                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        11274                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         9532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        20806                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        11162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         9526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        20688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10832                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         9508                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        20340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        10612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         9640                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        20252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         9496                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        19758                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        13229                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         9568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        22797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         9527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        20104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         9459                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        19678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         9515                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        20360                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        11212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         9552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        20764                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10397                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         9531                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        19928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11702                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         9469                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        21171                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10953                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         9493                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        20446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         9455                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        21470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11645                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         9533                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        21178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12973                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         9472                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        22445                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        14943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         9480                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        24423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        10890                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         9534                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        20424                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        11109                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         9532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        20641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        10386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         9524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        19910                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         9949                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         9522                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        19471                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         9552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        19930                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        12487                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         9605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        22092                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      6874409                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      6874409                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6953121                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6874408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3399008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3398116                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      6874408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.054871                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      3296429                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      3296429                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3300923                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3296429                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2350133                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2350089                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      3296429                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.026312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5268332                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5268332                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5295267                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5268332                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2771722                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2770916                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5268332                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.042052                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      2280472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      2280472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2281435                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2280472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1280878                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1280860                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      2280472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018203                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1494531                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1494531                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1495175                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1494531                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694387                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1494531                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.011929                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1617109                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1617109                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1617742                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1617109                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       750453                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       750449                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1617109                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.012908                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2624043                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2624043                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2638903                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2624043                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       888524                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       888299                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2624043                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.020945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1169090                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1169090                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1169522                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1169090                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       430945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       430942                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1169090                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.009332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1002409                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1002409                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1002597                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1002409                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       458974                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       458973                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1002409                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.008001                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads       940046                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes       940046                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity       940184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity       940046                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       445462                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       445462                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity       940046                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.007503                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       768745                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       768745                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       768900                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       768745                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       311565                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       311565                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       768745                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.006136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1051617                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1051617                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1051819                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1051617                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454109                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1051617                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008394                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1035451                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1035451                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1035685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1035451                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       477051                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       477051                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1035451                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.008265                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       799287                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       799287                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       799480                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       799287                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       311020                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       311019                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       799287                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.006380                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       467182                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       467182                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       467525                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       467182                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       178373                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       178366                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       467182                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.003729                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       721382                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       721382                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       722120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       721382                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       270074                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       270070                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       721382                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.005758                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1290267                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1290267                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1293267                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1290267                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       445980                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       445935                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1290267                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.010299                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       815148                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       815148                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       815791                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       815148                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       296456                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       296452                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       815148                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.006506                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       786345                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       786345                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       786952                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       786345                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       295001                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       294997                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       786345                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.006277                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       483663                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       483663                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       483734                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       483663                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       184591                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       184591                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       483663                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.003861                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       554660                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       554660                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       554677                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       554660                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       554660                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004427                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       584740                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       584740                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       584756                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       584740                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       285260                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       285260                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       584740                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.004667                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       471971                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       471971                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       471982                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       471971                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       209523                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       209523                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       471971                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.003767                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       307547                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       307547                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       307547                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       307547                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       124715                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       124715                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       307547                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.002455                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       510190                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       510190                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       510191                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       510190                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       225918                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       225918                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       510190                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       555559                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       555559                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       555559                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       555559                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       265863                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       265863                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       555559                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.004434                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       463090                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       463090                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       463093                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       463090                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       199494                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       199494                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       463090                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.003696                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       319721                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       319721                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       319721                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       319721                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       128805                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       128805                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       319721                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.002552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1980891                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1980891                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1982766                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1980891                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       845115                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1980891                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.015811                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2060958                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2060958                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2063157                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2060958                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       864253                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       864218                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2060958                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.016450                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1561124                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1561124                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1562462                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1561124                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       591302                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       591292                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1561124                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.012461                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1655422                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1655422                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1657744                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1655422                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       630035                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       629990                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1655422                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.013214                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     4424664     36.62%     36.62% |     7068633     58.51%     95.13% |      588591      4.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     12081888                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     4424666     36.62%     36.62% |     7068634     58.51%     95.13% |      588591      4.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     12081891                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   123307815                       |   168307871                       |    13231473                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    21020494                       |    35124831                       |      588591                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   27.868289                       |   23.810526                       |   22.479910                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    4.750755                       |    4.969112                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.231748                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.695782                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.927531                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001500                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.040327      8.73%      8.73% |    0.040843      8.84%     17.57% |    0.040294      8.72%     26.28% |    0.040812      8.83%     35.12% |    0.068993     14.93%     50.05% |    0.069001     14.93%     64.98% |    0.068934     14.92%     79.90% |    0.068987     14.93%     94.82% |    0.005981      1.29%     96.12% |    0.005976      1.29%     97.41% |    0.005979      1.29%     98.71% |    0.005979      1.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.462106                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.011427                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.013385                       |    0.000001                       |    0.011845                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002784                       |    0.001380                       |    0.001310                       |    0.001351                       |    0.001315                       |    0.001321                       |    0.001288                       |    0.001271                       |    0.001292                       |    0.001384                       |    0.001419                       |    0.001424                       |    0.001324                       |    0.001337                       |    0.001281                       |    0.001294                       |    0.001354                       |    0.001330                       |    0.001327                       |    0.001313                       |    0.001286                       |    0.001430                       |    0.001301                       |    0.001279                       |    0.001311                       |    0.001331                       |    0.001294                       |    0.001341                       |    0.001312                       |    0.001350                       |    0.001399                       |    0.001498                       |    0.003710                       |    0.003644                       |    0.003644                       |    0.003625                       |    0.000196                       |           0                       |    0.002208                       |    0.006078                       |    0.003871                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001188                       |    0.000198                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001482                       |    0.001558                       |           0                       |    0.001188                       |           0                       |    0.002475                       |    0.002774                       |    0.001564                       |           0                       |    0.001196                       |    0.003013                       |           0                       |    0.004860                       |    0.004768                       |    0.001974                       |    0.013677                       |    0.001197                       |    0.003871                       |    0.006120                       |    0.010787                       |    0.006400                       |           0                       |    0.001223                       |           0                       |    0.005302                       |    0.005797                       |    0.005881                       |           0                       |    0.001195                       |    0.002953                       |           0                       |    0.005212                       |    0.004758                       |    0.002333                       |           0                       |    0.001272                       |           0                       |    0.002735                       |    0.002376                       |    0.002012                       |           0                       |    0.001203                       |           0                       |    0.001311                       |    0.001558                       |           0                       |    0.001292                       |           0                       |    0.000470                       |    0.001430                       |    0.001475                       |           0                       |    0.001217                       |           0                       |    0.000367                       |    0.001581                       |    0.002815                       |    0.001523                       |           0                       |    0.001198                       |           0                       |    0.001896                       |    0.003125                       |    0.003767                       |    0.001944                       |    0.018887                       |    0.002132                       |    0.002208                       |    0.014956                       |    0.005462                       |    0.009272                       |    0.001955                       |    0.000002                       |    0.001239                       |    0.006078                       |    0.000852                       |    0.010346                       |    0.005872                       |    0.001922                       |           0                       |    0.001190                       |           0                       |    0.002925                       |    0.003251                       |    0.003149                       |    0.002392                       |           0                       |    0.001204                       |           0                       |    0.000901                       |    0.002656                       |    0.001545                       |    0.001959                       |           0                       |    0.001209                       |           0                       |    0.000386                       |    0.001331                       |    0.001509                       |           0                       |    0.001193                       |           0                       |    0.000098                       |    0.001301                       |    0.001176                       |           0                       |    0.001256                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.000991                       |    0.002720                       |    0.001169                       |           0                       |    0.001245                       |    0.002953                       |           0                       |    0.000364                       |    0.001893                       |    0.004828                       |    0.001178                       |           0                       |    0.001173                       |           0                       |    0.015980                       |    0.001665                       |    0.000897                       |    0.001230                       |           0                       |    0.001174                       |           0                       |    0.000449                       |    0.005254                       |    0.001259                       |    0.001196                       |           0                       |    0.001303                       |    0.002943                       |           0                       |    0.000727                       |    0.005242                       |    0.001790                       |    0.001210                       |           0                       |    0.001200                       |           0                       |    0.000448                       |    0.002631                       |    0.000894                       |    0.001206                       |           0                       |    0.001192                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001294                       |    0.001211                       |           0                       |    0.001176                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001279                       |           0                       |    0.001169                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002560                       |           0                       |    0.001178                       |           0                       |    0.001090                       |           0                       |    0.003491                       |           0                       |    0.001230                       |           0                       |    0.007620                       |    0.000727                       |    0.000722                       |           0                       |    0.001196                       |           0                       |    0.000000                       |    0.004225                       |    0.001085                       |           0                       |    0.001210                       |           0                       |    0.001809                       |    0.003258                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001206                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002654                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001211                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001341                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.462106                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8475569                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8475569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265964                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5974332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5385126                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.137709                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1451801                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29871                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             18727627                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45727                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            13414082                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20874                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         18773354                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        13434956                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32141709                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   66601                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32208310                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10422822                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9521                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10432343                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10422822                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9521                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10432343                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                121509209                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     34204840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               59335862                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8475569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6836927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              82505084                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          598562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       215036                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       313741                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10422186                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3832                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    117836689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.853435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.190995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         98660779     83.73%     83.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2528401      2.15%     85.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1129679      0.96%     86.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1480585      1.26%     88.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3036673      2.58%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1007139      0.85%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          2340254      1.99%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1112888      0.94%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6540291      5.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    117836689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.069752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.488324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17412868                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86128082                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6761893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7234558                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         299281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       98138818                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         299281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         19342393                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51524047                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4850352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          11228903                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30591706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       97209750                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       21424028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     95940717                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     228034255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    156146402                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      86119890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9820812                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       134111                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       136077                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40389489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     12310317                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13603190                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6309635                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      6049090                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           94966855                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1356590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         100589784                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143623                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7112741                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11459175                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        49159                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    117836689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.853637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.354162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     69110500     58.65%     58.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24882408     21.12%     79.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      8756553      7.43%     87.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7412789      6.29%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4210788      3.57%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2307020      1.96%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692775      0.59%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289847      0.25%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174009      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    117836689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95503     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         602458     78.82%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66415      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165758      0.16%      0.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      68025787     67.63%     67.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22673      0.02%     67.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.05%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18861561     18.75%     86.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     13461626     13.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      100589784                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.827837                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              764376                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007599                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    319924191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    103443048                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93015328                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      101188370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5265442                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1113694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2643                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       398265                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     10228327                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         299281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         8622274                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      18771516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     96323445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      12310317                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13603190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1347469                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         247698                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714706                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7303                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124616                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190430                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       315046                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     100198196                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      18726014                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       325496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32144093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7406019                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           13418079                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.824614                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               93078059                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              93015348                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          57200147                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         106881300                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.765500                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.535175                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7302477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1307431                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    116682050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.762698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.822626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     86384433     74.03%     74.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15088041     12.93%     86.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2866820      2.46%     89.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3157044      2.71%     92.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1697481      1.45%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2109430      1.81%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694215      0.59%     95.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278717      0.24%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4405869      3.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    116682050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     53503811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       88993148                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24401543                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              11196619                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            7068421                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          88642119                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      1376467                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        82053      0.09%      0.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     64437095     72.41%     72.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21456      0.02%     72.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.06%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     11196619     12.58%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     13204924     14.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     88993148                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4405869                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            208513384                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           193750412                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84460                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3672520                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            53503811                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              88993148                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.271038                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.271038                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.440327                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.440327                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        162662221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        71890084                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          26813242                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         18433285                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        46334882                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125796                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              29504457500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            29504457500.000050                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.14748e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.50324e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.93274e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+10-2.36223e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.36223e+10-2.57698e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.57698e+10-2.79173e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.79173e+10-3.00648e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.00648e+10-3.22123e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+10-3.43597e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.43597e+10-3.65072e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.65072e+10-3.86547e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.86547e+10-4.08022e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.08022e+10-4.29497e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1846348                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        32.684414                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       26.108380                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       33.011387                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1807725     97.91%     97.91% |       33030      1.79%     99.70% |        3137      0.17%     99.87% |        1354      0.07%     99.94% |         678      0.04%     99.98% |         260      0.01%     99.99% |         155      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1846348                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1866523                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.220758                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.279634                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.172257                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1315215     70.46%     70.46% |      551260     29.53%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1866523                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         13858                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.972435                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.658966                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.111162                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         500      3.61%      3.61% |        1677     12.10%     15.71% |        6480     46.76%     62.47% |        3057     22.06%     84.53% |        2141     15.45%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           13858                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          7505860                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            9.385904                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.551626                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          37.257744                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     7464310     99.45%     99.45% |       37519      0.50%     99.95% |        3222      0.04%     99.99% |         714      0.01%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            7505860                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      7151848                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000466                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000400                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.022101                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7148599     99.95%     99.95% |        3167      0.04%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        7151848                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       354012                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     138.386298                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    107.202843                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    109.393375                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      312462     88.26%     88.26% |       37519     10.60%     98.86% |        3222      0.91%     99.77% |         714      0.20%     99.97% |          77      0.02%     99.99% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        354012                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         14001872                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            5.748881                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.192540                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          24.452731                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    13837328     98.82%     98.82% |      146449      1.05%     99.87% |       15213      0.11%     99.98% |         292      0.00%     99.98% |        1175      0.01%     99.99% |        1248      0.01%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           14001872                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     13788562                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.005062                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004364                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.071538                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13719318     99.50%     99.50% |       68686      0.50%    100.00% |         558      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       13788562                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       213310                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     183.111950                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    162.034729                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     85.466281                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       48766     22.86%     22.86% |      146449     68.66%     91.52% |       15213      7.13%     98.65% |         292      0.14%     98.79% |        1175      0.55%     99.34% |        1248      0.59%     99.92% |         167      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        213310                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10416006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.959044                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.116412                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.581932                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10403085     99.88%     99.88% |       10830      0.10%     99.98% |        1851      0.02%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10416006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10292609                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000441                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10292607    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10292609                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123397                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.953427                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.597875                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.555161                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110476     89.53%     89.53% |       10830      8.78%     98.31% |        1851      1.50%     99.81% |          42      0.03%     99.84% |          84      0.07%     99.91% |          92      0.07%     99.98% |          22      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123397                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       127111                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.546475                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.671137                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.591448                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125815     98.98%     98.98% |        1019      0.80%     99.78% |         249      0.20%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       127111                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       119223                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000906                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030084                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      119115     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       119223                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7888                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.364858                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.324670                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.122444                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6592     83.57%     83.57% |        1019     12.92%     96.49% |         249      3.16%     99.65% |           6      0.08%     99.72% |          11      0.14%     99.86% |          10      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7888                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         3753                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       146869                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       272853                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   145454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   196469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                  1424704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1426                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   3807                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     2717                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   524498                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               146880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               197637                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses              1428511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 4597593                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140283951678556                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140283963056130                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   96192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  163845                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  714271                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  50688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  33792                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                 714240                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                95547                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               163190                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               710464                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                645                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                655                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               3807                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               49907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               33279                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits              714240                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               513                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                     1152                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                     2304                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               19196173                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               19102653                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               20456449                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                   18432                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    4096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                   18432                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              17341382                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              17653420                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles              18275258                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             976896                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1081344                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            1529856                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles             12984839                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles             10591979                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles             15720217                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         17341382                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         17653420                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time         18275258                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        976896                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       1081344                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       1525683                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time        12963037                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time        10591979                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time        15264457                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           19077399                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           18967485                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           20282517                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles             35350                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles             17806                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66369222                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         106167480                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          85614660                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         19170456                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         19107503                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         15993900                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1293                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1161                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1298                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             47323                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             33279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1            192251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             73677                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             45786                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             85255                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             297                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          262113                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77698     25.35%     25.35% |       76399     24.93%     50.28% |       76393     24.92%     75.20% |       76004     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306494                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56031     25.43%     25.43% |       54811     24.87%     50.30% |       54826     24.88%     75.18% |       54694     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220362                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77724     25.36%     25.36% |       76399     24.92%     50.28% |       76393     24.92%     75.20% |       76003     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306519                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61941     25.38%     25.38% |       60728     24.89%     50.27% |       60746     24.89%     75.16% |       60617     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       244032                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13475     25.25%     25.25% |       13396     25.10%     50.36% |       13375     25.06%     75.42% |       13117     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        53363                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77698     25.35%     25.35% |       76399     24.93%     50.28% |       76393     24.92%     75.20% |       76004     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306494                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55774     25.41%     25.41% |       54616     24.88%     50.28% |       54634     24.89%     75.17% |       54505     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219529                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13475     25.25%     25.25% |       13396     25.10%     50.36% |       13375     25.06%     75.42% |       13117     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        53363                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77698     25.35%     25.35% |       76399     24.93%     50.28% |       76393     24.92%     75.20% |       76003     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306493                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55774     25.41%     25.41% |       54616     24.88%     50.28% |       54634     24.89%     75.17% |       54505     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219529                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6533152     87.02%     87.02% |          38      0.00%     87.02% |      974214     12.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7507404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10416064    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10416064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    13331790     94.35%     94.35% |           0      0.00%     94.35% |      798628      5.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     14130418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13787     99.70%     99.70% |          38      0.27%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        13828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410705     59.02%     59.02% |           0      0.00%     59.02% |      285176     40.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       695881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      142159     40.22%     40.22% |          11      0.00%     40.22% |      211307     59.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       353477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     90.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270731     78.45%     78.45% |           0      0.00%     78.45% |       74378     21.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       345109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287942     50.25%     50.25% |           0      0.00%     50.25% |      285037     49.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       572979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      142067     40.18%     40.18% |          38      0.01%     40.19% |      211446     59.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       353551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122627    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146898     66.43%     66.43% |           0      0.00%     66.43% |       74242     33.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       221140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11218     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         462    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         772    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          67    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           67                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         493    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         6871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10292609    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10292609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1534     98.27%     98.27% |          27      1.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122133     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         139      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       122272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1360515     88.37%     88.37% |           0      0.00%     88.37% |      179107     11.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1539622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21265     20.41%     20.41% |           0      0.00%     20.41% |       82946     79.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       104211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         654     98.35%     98.35% |          11      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      120126     48.39%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |      128105     51.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       248231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     5021694     89.59%     89.59% |           0      0.00%     89.59% |      583661     10.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      5605355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    13163412     95.35%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |      641440      4.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     13804852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         381    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167816     51.68%     51.68% |           0      0.00%     51.68% |      156932     48.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       324748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      142159     40.22%     40.22% |          11      0.00%     40.22% |      211307     59.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       353477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     90.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123766     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         136      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       123902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146965     66.44%     66.44% |           0      0.00%     66.44% |       74242     33.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       221207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1543    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287942     50.25%     50.25% |           0      0.00%     50.25% |      285037     49.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       572979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3831      3.10%      3.10% |        3779      3.06%      6.17% |        3497      2.83%      9.00% |        3489      2.83%     11.83% |        3538      2.87%     14.69% |        4050      3.28%     17.98% |        3719      3.01%     20.99% |        3301      2.67%     23.67% |        3544      2.87%     26.54% |        5141      4.17%     30.70% |        3887      3.15%     33.85% |        3787      3.07%     36.92% |        3554      2.88%     39.80% |        4283      3.47%     43.27% |        3869      3.14%     46.41% |        3780      3.06%     49.47% |        4094      3.32%     52.79% |        4114      3.33%     56.12% |        3611      2.93%     59.05% |        3284      2.66%     61.71% |        3065      2.48%     64.19% |        3657      2.96%     67.16% |        3508      2.84%     70.00% |        3402      2.76%     72.76% |        3619      2.93%     75.69% |        3646      2.95%     78.64% |        3260      2.64%     81.29% |        4546      3.68%     84.97% |        3928      3.18%     88.15% |        5158      4.18%     92.33% |        5007      4.06%     96.39% |        4456      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123404                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       37278     10.53%     10.53% |       10976      3.10%     13.63% |       10033      2.83%     16.46% |       10783      3.05%     19.51% |       10091      2.85%     22.36% |        9884      2.79%     25.15% |        9656      2.73%     27.88% |        9599      2.71%     30.59% |        9649      2.73%     33.32% |       10244      2.89%     36.21% |       12037      3.40%     39.61% |       11713      3.31%     42.92% |       10397      2.94%     45.86% |       10133      2.86%     48.72% |        9357      2.64%     51.36% |        9642      2.72%     54.09% |       10487      2.96%     57.05% |       10030      2.83%     59.88% |       10230      2.89%     62.77% |       10145      2.87%     65.64% |        9976      2.82%     68.45% |       11360      3.21%     71.66% |        9823      2.77%     74.44% |        9544      2.70%     77.13% |        9747      2.75%     79.89% |       10259      2.90%     82.79% |        9780      2.76%     85.55% |        9367      2.65%     88.19% |        9724      2.75%     90.94% |        9432      2.66%     93.61% |        9976      2.82%     96.42% |       12662      3.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       354014                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |        8688      3.93%      3.93% |        7032      3.18%      7.11% |        6722      3.04%     10.14% |        6905      3.12%     13.27% |        6795      3.07%     16.34% |        6707      3.03%     19.37% |        6535      2.95%     22.32% |        6571      2.97%     25.29% |        6737      3.05%     28.34% |        6707      3.03%     31.37% |        6680      3.02%     34.39% |        7227      3.27%     37.66% |        6650      3.01%     40.66% |        6559      2.96%     43.63% |        6528      2.95%     46.58% |        6606      2.99%     49.57% |        6703      3.03%     52.60% |        6661      3.01%     55.61% |        6840      3.09%     58.70% |        6910      3.12%     61.82% |        6723      3.04%     64.86% |        7787      3.52%     68.38% |        6773      3.06%     71.44% |        6732      3.04%     74.49% |        6993      3.16%     77.65% |        6859      3.10%     80.75% |        6887      3.11%     83.86% |        7258      3.28%     87.14% |        6795      3.07%     90.21% |        6882      3.11%     93.32% |        7462      3.37%     96.70% |        7305      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       221219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           3     15.79%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           7     36.84%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       45819      8.00%      8.00% |       17941      3.13%     11.13% |       16628      2.90%     14.03% |       17604      3.07%     17.10% |       16820      2.94%     20.04% |       16448      2.87%     22.91% |       16129      2.81%     25.72% |       16108      2.81%     28.53% |       16330      2.85%     31.38% |       16891      2.95%     34.33% |       18561      3.24%     37.57% |       18889      3.30%     40.87% |       16992      2.97%     43.83% |       16642      2.90%     46.74% |       15808      2.76%     49.50% |       16199      2.83%     52.32% |       17142      2.99%     55.32% |       16643      2.90%     58.22% |       16972      2.96%     61.18% |       16988      2.96%     64.15% |       16629      2.90%     67.05% |       19066      3.33%     70.38% |       16536      2.89%     73.26% |       16222      2.83%     76.09% |       16688      2.91%     79.01% |       17074      2.98%     81.99% |       16616      2.90%     84.89% |       16573      2.89%     87.78% |       16467      2.87%     90.65% |       16265      2.84%     93.49% |       17383      3.03%     96.53% |       19906      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       572979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8044      3.67%      3.67% |        6821      3.11%      6.78% |        6852      3.12%      9.90% |        6802      3.10%     13.01% |        6801      3.10%     16.11% |        6798      3.10%     19.21% |        6791      3.10%     22.30% |        6803      3.10%     25.41% |        6824      3.11%     28.52% |        6832      3.12%     31.63% |        6859      3.13%     34.76% |        6830      3.11%     37.88% |        6810      3.11%     40.98% |        6832      3.12%     44.10% |        6813      3.11%     47.21% |        6805      3.10%     50.31% |        6841      3.12%     53.43% |        6829      3.11%     56.54% |        6833      3.12%     59.66% |        6829      3.11%     62.77% |        6810      3.11%     65.88% |        6861      3.13%     69.01% |        6835      3.12%     72.12% |        6781      3.09%     75.22% |        6797      3.10%     78.32% |        6808      3.10%     81.42% |        6796      3.10%     84.52% |        6784      3.09%     87.61% |        6785      3.09%     90.71% |        6773      3.09%     93.80% |        6788      3.10%     96.89% |        6813      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219280                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1824      3.40%      3.40% |        1708      3.19%      6.59% |        1739      3.24%      9.83% |        1682      3.14%     12.97% |        1685      3.14%     16.11% |        1686      3.14%     19.26% |        1683      3.14%     22.40% |        1668      3.11%     25.51% |        1679      3.13%     28.64% |        1723      3.21%     31.85% |        1702      3.17%     35.03% |        1651      3.08%     38.11% |        1708      3.19%     41.29% |        1701      3.17%     44.46% |        1709      3.19%     47.65% |        1658      3.09%     50.75% |        1673      3.12%     53.87% |        1654      3.09%     56.95% |        1644      3.07%     60.02% |        1630      3.04%     63.06% |        1637      3.05%     66.11% |        1658      3.09%     69.20% |        1644      3.07%     72.27% |        1631      3.04%     75.31% |        1670      3.11%     78.43% |        1695      3.16%     81.59% |        1686      3.14%     84.73% |        1638      3.06%     87.79% |        1661      3.10%     90.89% |        1633      3.05%     93.93% |        1635      3.05%     96.98% |        1618      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10984      3.58%      3.58% |        9579      3.13%      6.71% |        9639      3.14%      9.85% |        9532      3.11%     12.96% |        9534      3.11%     16.07% |        9532      3.11%     19.18% |        9522      3.11%     22.29% |        9519      3.11%     25.40% |        9551      3.12%     28.51% |        9603      3.13%     31.65% |        9608      3.13%     34.78% |        9528      3.11%     37.89% |        9565      3.12%     41.01% |        9580      3.13%     44.14% |        9569      3.12%     47.26% |        9510      3.10%     50.36% |        9561      3.12%     53.48% |        9531      3.11%     56.59% |        9525      3.11%     59.70% |        9507      3.10%     62.80% |        9495      3.10%     65.90% |        9568      3.12%     69.02% |        9527      3.11%     72.13% |        9459      3.09%     75.21% |        9515      3.10%     78.32% |        9552      3.12%     81.44% |        9531      3.11%     84.55% |        9468      3.09%     87.63% |        9493      3.10%     90.73% |        9454      3.08%     93.82% |        9472      3.09%     96.91% |        9480      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9960      3.64%      3.64% |        8555      3.13%      6.76% |        8615      3.15%      9.91% |        8508      3.11%     13.02% |        8510      3.11%     16.13% |        8508      3.11%     19.24% |        8498      3.10%     22.34% |        8495      3.10%     25.44% |        8527      3.12%     28.56% |        8579      3.13%     31.69% |        8584      3.14%     34.83% |        8504      3.11%     37.94% |        8541      3.12%     41.06% |        8556      3.13%     44.18% |        8545      3.12%     47.30% |        8486      3.10%     50.40% |        8537      3.12%     53.52% |        8507      3.11%     56.63% |        8501      3.11%     59.74% |        8483      3.10%     62.84% |        8471      3.09%     65.93% |        8544      3.12%     69.05% |        8503      3.11%     72.16% |        8435      3.08%     75.24% |        8491      3.10%     78.34% |        8528      3.12%     81.46% |        8507      3.11%     84.57% |        8444      3.08%     87.65% |        8469      3.09%     90.74% |        8430      3.08%     93.82% |        8448      3.09%     96.91% |        8456      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273725                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          67     16.30%     16.30% |          11      2.68%     18.98% |          16      3.89%     22.87% |          14      3.41%     26.28% |           9      2.19%     28.47% |           9      2.19%     30.66% |           5      1.22%     31.87% |           9      2.19%     34.06% |           9      2.19%     36.25% |          11      2.68%     38.93% |          13      3.16%     42.09% |           7      1.70%     43.80% |          12      2.92%     46.72% |           6      1.46%     48.18% |           7      1.70%     49.88% |           7      1.70%     51.58% |           8      1.95%     53.53% |           9      2.19%     55.72% |           9      2.19%     57.91% |          11      2.68%     60.58% |          13      3.16%     63.75% |          16      3.89%     67.64% |          14      3.41%     71.05% |          14      3.41%     74.45% |          13      3.16%     77.62% |          11      2.68%     80.29% |          15      3.65%     83.94% |          15      3.65%     87.59% |          16      3.89%     91.48% |          13      3.16%     94.65% |          18      4.38%     99.03% |           4      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          411                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      6.67%     13.33% |           3     10.00%     23.33% |           1      3.33%     26.67% |           2      6.67%     33.33% |           4     13.33%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           2      6.67%     56.67% |           2      6.67%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           2      6.67%     76.67% |           2      6.67%     83.33% |           1      3.33%     86.67% |           1      3.33%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         441      3.29%      3.29% |         403      3.00%      6.29% |         397      2.96%      9.25% |         392      2.92%     12.17% |         408      3.04%     15.21% |         426      3.18%     18.39% |         416      3.10%     21.49% |         414      3.09%     24.58% |         417      3.11%     27.68% |         433      3.23%     30.91% |         436      3.25%     34.16% |         422      3.15%     37.31% |         448      3.34%     40.65% |         452      3.37%     44.01% |         450      3.35%     47.37% |         435      3.24%     50.61% |         438      3.26%     53.88% |         421      3.14%     57.01% |         416      3.10%     60.11% |         393      2.93%     63.04% |         391      2.91%     65.96% |         421      3.14%     69.10% |         405      3.02%     72.12% |         402      3.00%     75.11% |         428      3.19%     78.30% |         434      3.23%     81.54% |         442      3.29%     84.83% |         408      3.04%     87.87% |         407      3.03%     90.91% |         403      3.00%     93.91% |         412      3.07%     96.98% |         405      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        13416                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      6.67%     13.33% |           3     10.00%     23.33% |           1      3.33%     26.67% |           2      6.67%     33.33% |           4     13.33%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           2      6.67%     56.67% |           2      6.67%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           2      6.67%     76.67% |           2      6.67%     83.33% |           1      3.33%     86.67% |           1      3.33%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       45939      7.99%      7.99% |       17996      3.13%     11.12% |       16685      2.90%     14.03% |       17657      3.07%     17.10% |       16872      2.94%     20.04% |       16512      2.87%     22.91% |       16179      2.82%     25.72% |       16158      2.81%     28.54% |       16382      2.85%     31.39% |       16944      2.95%     34.33% |       18618      3.24%     37.57% |       18936      3.29%     40.87% |       17043      2.97%     43.83% |       16689      2.90%     46.74% |       15857      2.76%     49.50% |       16243      2.83%     52.32% |       17186      2.99%     55.31% |       16687      2.90%     58.22% |       17019      2.96%     61.18% |       17041      2.97%     64.14% |       16691      2.90%     67.05% |       19133      3.33%     70.38% |       16592      2.89%     73.27% |       16272      2.83%     76.10% |       16735      2.91%     79.01% |       17118      2.98%     81.99% |       16666      2.90%     84.89% |       16623      2.89%     87.78% |       16517      2.87%     90.65% |       16312      2.84%     93.49% |       17437      3.03%     96.53% |       19964      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       574703                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         415      3.24%      3.24% |         378      2.95%      6.20% |         382      2.99%      9.19% |         374      2.92%     12.11% |         386      3.02%     15.13% |         390      3.05%     18.18% |         387      3.03%     21.20% |         392      3.06%     24.27% |         398      3.11%     27.38% |         413      3.23%     30.61% |         413      3.23%     33.83% |         402      3.14%     36.98% |         428      3.35%     40.32% |         431      3.37%     43.69% |         426      3.33%     47.02% |         420      3.28%     50.30% |         424      3.31%     53.62% |         406      3.17%     56.79% |         397      3.10%     59.90% |         373      2.92%     62.81% |         365      2.85%     65.67% |         399      3.12%     68.79% |         386      3.02%     71.80% |         387      3.03%     74.83% |         411      3.21%     78.04% |         420      3.28%     81.32% |         427      3.34%     84.66% |         398      3.11%     87.77% |         399      3.12%     90.89% |         389      3.04%     93.93% |         399      3.12%     97.05% |         377      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12792                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5292      4.14%      4.14% |        4027      3.15%      7.28% |        4082      3.19%     10.47% |        3980      3.11%     13.58% |        3984      3.11%     16.70% |        3972      3.10%     19.80% |        3977      3.11%     22.91% |        3972      3.10%     26.01% |        3976      3.11%     29.12% |        4008      3.13%     32.25% |        4027      3.15%     35.40% |        3932      3.07%     38.47% |        3950      3.09%     41.56% |        3963      3.10%     44.65% |        3967      3.10%     47.75% |        3926      3.07%     50.82% |        3959      3.09%     53.92% |        3943      3.08%     57.00% |        3946      3.08%     60.08% |        3952      3.09%     63.17% |        3948      3.09%     66.26% |        3971      3.10%     69.36% |        3970      3.10%     72.46% |        3905      3.05%     75.51% |        3929      3.07%     78.58% |        3951      3.09%     81.67% |        3918      3.06%     84.73% |        3894      3.04%     87.78% |        3922      3.06%     90.84% |        3891      3.04%     93.88% |        3886      3.04%     96.92% |        3944      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127964                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5277      3.18%      3.18% |        5174      3.12%      6.31% |        5175      3.12%      9.43% |        5178      3.12%     12.55% |        5164      3.12%     15.67% |        5170      3.12%     18.79% |        5158      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5177      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5187      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.12%     53.13% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5182      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5182      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.78% |        5171      3.12%     71.90% |        5167      3.12%     75.01% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.26% |        5186      3.13%     84.39% |        5177      3.12%     87.52% |        5172      3.12%     90.64% |        5174      3.12%     93.76% |        5187      3.13%     96.89% |        5159      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165738                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3394      3.07%      6.16% |        3110      2.81%      8.97% |        3111      2.81%     11.79% |        3151      2.85%     14.64% |        3653      3.31%     17.94% |        3330      3.01%     20.96% |        2908      2.63%     23.59% |        3145      2.85%     26.43% |        4726      4.28%     30.71% |        3472      3.14%     33.85% |        3384      3.06%     36.91% |        3122      2.82%     39.74% |        3851      3.48%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3669      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3201      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2698      2.44%     64.01% |        3257      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3013      2.73%     72.51% |        3204      2.90%     75.41% |        3225      2.92%     78.33% |        2831      2.56%     80.89% |        4148      3.75%     84.64% |        3523      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4607      4.17%     96.31% |        4079      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110520                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          27      5.35%      5.35% |          12      2.38%      7.72% |          69     13.66%     21.39% |          31      6.14%     27.52% |          14      2.77%     30.30% |          79     15.64%     45.94% |          10      1.98%     47.92% |           9      1.78%     49.70% |           3      0.59%     50.30% |           5      0.99%     51.29% |          95     18.81%     70.10% |           3      0.59%     70.69% |           2      0.40%     71.09% |           1      0.20%     71.29% |          29      5.74%     77.03% |           3      0.59%     77.62% |           2      0.40%     78.02% |           4      0.79%     78.81% |          57     11.29%     90.10% |          15      2.97%     93.07% |           1      0.20%     93.27% |           7      1.39%     94.65% |           4      0.79%     95.45% |           4      0.79%     96.24% |           6      1.19%     97.43% |           0      0.00%     97.43% |           2      0.40%     97.82% |           2      0.40%     98.22% |           4      0.79%     99.01% |           1      0.20%     99.21% |           1      0.20%     99.41% |           3      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           3     11.54%     19.23% |           4     15.38%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           2      7.69%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2      7.69%     57.69% |           0      0.00%     57.69% |           0      0.00%     57.69% |           3     11.54%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      3.85%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           4     15.38%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           3     15.79%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           7     36.84%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      2.33%      2.33% |           2      4.65%      6.98% |           3      6.98%     13.95% |           1      2.33%     16.28% |           0      0.00%     16.28% |           3      6.98%     23.26% |           3      6.98%     30.23% |           3      6.98%     37.21% |           1      2.33%     39.53% |           3      6.98%     46.51% |           4      9.30%     55.81% |           1      2.33%     58.14% |           2      4.65%     62.79% |           2      4.65%     67.44% |           3      6.98%     74.42% |           2      4.65%     79.07% |           2      4.65%     83.72% |           1      2.33%     86.05% |           1      2.33%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           1      2.33%     93.02% |           1      2.33%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      2.33%     97.67% |           1      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         413      3.25%      3.25% |         378      2.97%      6.22% |         376      2.96%      9.18% |         373      2.94%     12.12% |         385      3.03%     15.15% |         389      3.06%     18.21% |         386      3.04%     21.25% |         391      3.08%     24.32% |         396      3.12%     27.44% |         408      3.21%     30.65% |         411      3.23%     33.88% |         400      3.15%     37.03% |         425      3.34%     40.38% |         428      3.37%     43.74% |         424      3.34%     47.08% |         414      3.26%     50.34% |         418      3.29%     53.63% |         404      3.18%     56.81% |         398      3.13%     59.94% |         369      2.90%     62.84% |         363      2.86%     65.70% |         391      3.08%     68.78% |         383      3.01%     71.79% |         384      3.02%     74.81% |         413      3.25%     78.06% |         418      3.29%     81.35% |         427      3.36%     84.71% |         392      3.08%     87.80% |         392      3.08%     90.88% |         387      3.05%     93.93% |         396      3.12%     97.04% |         376      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        12708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       31959     14.17%     14.17% |        6937      3.08%     17.25% |        5881      2.61%     19.86% |        6771      3.00%     22.86% |        6093      2.70%     25.56% |        5833      2.59%     28.15% |        5667      2.51%     30.66% |        5615      2.49%     33.15% |        5669      2.51%     35.66% |        6229      2.76%     38.43% |        7911      3.51%     41.93% |        7777      3.45%     45.38% |        6443      2.86%     48.24% |        6167      2.73%     50.97% |        5359      2.38%     53.35% |        5711      2.53%     55.88% |        6524      2.89%     58.78% |        6082      2.70%     61.47% |        6226      2.76%     64.23% |        6177      2.74%     66.97% |        6026      2.67%     69.64% |        7380      3.27%     72.92% |        5849      2.59%     75.51% |        5635      2.50%     78.01% |        5812      2.58%     80.59% |        6308      2.80%     83.38% |        5860      2.60%     85.98% |        5471      2.43%     88.41% |        5798      2.57%     90.98% |        5539      2.46%     93.44% |        6089      2.70%     96.14% |        8715      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       225513                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3409      6.15%      6.15% |        1855      3.35%      9.49% |        1543      2.78%     12.28% |        1725      3.11%     15.39% |        1631      2.94%     18.33% |        1535      2.77%     21.10% |        1377      2.48%     23.58% |        1416      2.55%     26.14% |        1560      2.81%     28.95% |        1523      2.75%     31.70% |        1512      2.73%     34.42% |        2033      3.67%     38.09% |        1460      2.63%     40.72% |        1373      2.48%     43.20% |        1352      2.44%     45.64% |        1442      2.60%     48.24% |        1524      2.75%     50.99% |        1479      2.67%     53.66% |        1654      2.98%     56.64% |        1727      3.11%     59.76% |        1534      2.77%     62.52% |        2584      4.66%     67.18% |        1602      2.89%     70.07% |        1565      2.82%     72.89% |        1818      3.28%     76.17% |        1678      3.03%     79.20% |        1701      3.07%     82.27% |        2081      3.75%     86.02% |        1622      2.93%     88.95% |        1707      3.08%     92.03% |        2275      4.10%     96.13% |        2146      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55443                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8036      3.67%      3.67% |        6811      3.11%      6.78% |        6840      3.12%      9.90% |        6797      3.10%     13.00% |        6799      3.10%     16.10% |        6790      3.10%     19.20% |        6788      3.10%     22.30% |        6800      3.10%     25.40% |        6817      3.11%     28.51% |        6824      3.11%     31.63% |        6852      3.13%     34.76% |        6824      3.11%     37.87% |        6805      3.11%     40.98% |        6829      3.12%     44.09% |        6807      3.11%     47.20% |        6802      3.10%     50.30% |        6837      3.12%     53.42% |        6827      3.12%     56.54% |        6829      3.12%     59.66% |        6825      3.11%     62.77% |        6804      3.11%     65.88% |        6853      3.13%     69.00% |        6830      3.12%     72.12% |        6778      3.09%     75.21% |        6792      3.10%     78.31% |        6805      3.11%     81.42% |        6792      3.10%     84.52% |        6781      3.09%     87.61% |        6779      3.09%     90.71% |        6769      3.09%     93.80% |        6785      3.10%     96.89% |        6809      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1380      3.45%      3.45% |        1304      3.26%      6.70% |        1339      3.34%     10.05% |        1282      3.20%     13.25% |        1270      3.17%     16.42% |        1259      3.14%     19.57% |        1267      3.16%     22.73% |        1251      3.12%     25.86% |        1261      3.15%     29.01% |        1289      3.22%     32.23% |        1264      3.16%     35.38% |        1229      3.07%     38.45% |        1255      3.13%     41.59% |        1248      3.12%     44.70% |        1260      3.15%     47.85% |        1221      3.05%     50.90% |        1233      3.08%     53.98% |        1227      3.06%     57.05% |        1224      3.06%     60.10% |        1231      3.07%     63.18% |        1240      3.10%     66.28% |        1229      3.07%     69.35% |        1230      3.07%     72.42% |        1218      3.04%     75.46% |        1234      3.08%     78.54% |        1253      3.13%     81.67% |        1233      3.08%     84.75% |        1218      3.04%     87.79% |        1244      3.11%     90.90% |        1222      3.05%     93.95% |        1208      3.02%     96.97% |        1213      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        40036                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      6.67%     13.33% |           3     10.00%     23.33% |           1      3.33%     26.67% |           2      6.67%     33.33% |           4     13.33%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           2      6.67%     56.67% |           2      6.67%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           2      6.67%     76.67% |           2      6.67%     83.33% |           1      3.33%     86.67% |           1      3.33%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       45819      8.00%      8.00% |       17941      3.13%     11.13% |       16628      2.90%     14.03% |       17604      3.07%     17.10% |       16820      2.94%     20.04% |       16448      2.87%     22.91% |       16129      2.81%     25.72% |       16108      2.81%     28.53% |       16330      2.85%     31.38% |       16891      2.95%     34.33% |       18561      3.24%     37.57% |       18889      3.30%     40.87% |       16992      2.97%     43.83% |       16642      2.90%     46.74% |       15808      2.76%     49.50% |       16199      2.83%     52.32% |       17142      2.99%     55.32% |       16643      2.90%     58.22% |       16972      2.96%     61.18% |       16988      2.96%     64.15% |       16629      2.90%     67.05% |       19066      3.33%     70.38% |       16536      2.89%     73.26% |       16222      2.83%     76.09% |       16688      2.91%     79.01% |       17074      2.98%     81.99% |       16616      2.90%     84.89% |       16573      2.89%     87.78% |       16467      2.87%     90.65% |       16265      2.84%     93.49% |       17383      3.03%     96.53% |       19906      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       572979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           7      5.79%      5.79% |           8      6.61%     12.40% |           9      7.44%     19.83% |           4      3.31%     23.14% |           2      1.65%     24.79% |           5      4.13%     28.93% |           0      0.00%     28.93% |           0      0.00%     28.93% |           6      4.96%     33.88% |           5      4.13%     38.02% |           3      2.48%     40.50% |           5      4.13%     44.63% |           3      2.48%     47.11% |           1      0.83%     47.93% |           3      2.48%     50.41% |           1      0.83%     51.24% |           2      1.65%     52.89% |           1      0.83%     53.72% |           3      2.48%     56.20% |           3      2.48%     58.68% |           5      4.13%     62.81% |           7      5.79%     68.60% |           5      4.13%     72.73% |           3      2.48%     75.21% |           5      4.13%     79.34% |           3      2.48%     81.82% |           4      3.31%     85.12% |           3      2.48%     87.60% |           5      4.13%     91.74% |           3      2.48%     94.21% |           3      2.48%     96.69% |           4      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          121                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          31      3.57%      3.57% |          26      2.99%      6.56% |          24      2.76%      9.32% |          27      3.11%     12.43% |          30      3.45%     15.88% |          38      4.37%     20.25% |          30      3.45%     23.71% |          26      2.99%     26.70% |          22      2.53%     29.23% |          26      2.99%     32.22% |          27      3.11%     35.33% |          22      2.53%     37.86% |          28      3.22%     41.08% |          25      2.88%     43.96% |          25      2.88%     46.84% |          23      2.65%     49.48% |          22      2.53%     52.01% |          23      2.65%     54.66% |          22      2.53%     57.19% |          30      3.45%     60.64% |          34      3.91%     64.56% |          38      4.37%     68.93% |          31      3.57%     72.50% |          29      3.34%     75.83% |          23      2.65%     78.48% |          24      2.76%     81.24% |          26      2.99%     84.23% |          28      3.22%     87.46% |          25      2.88%     90.33% |          24      2.76%     93.10% |          31      3.57%     96.66% |          29      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          869                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           3     50.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9960      3.64%      3.64% |        8555      3.13%      6.76% |        8615      3.15%      9.91% |        8508      3.11%     13.02% |        8510      3.11%     16.13% |        8508      3.11%     19.24% |        8498      3.10%     22.34% |        8495      3.10%     25.44% |        8527      3.12%     28.56% |        8579      3.13%     31.69% |        8584      3.14%     34.83% |        8504      3.11%     37.94% |        8541      3.12%     41.06% |        8556      3.13%     44.18% |        8545      3.12%     47.30% |        8486      3.10%     50.40% |        8537      3.12%     53.52% |        8507      3.11%     56.63% |        8501      3.11%     59.74% |        8483      3.10%     62.84% |        8471      3.09%     65.93% |        8544      3.12%     69.05% |        8503      3.11%     72.16% |        8435      3.08%     75.24% |        8491      3.10%     78.34% |        8528      3.12%     81.46% |        8507      3.11%     84.57% |        8444      3.08%     87.65% |        8469      3.09%     90.74% |        8430      3.08%     93.82% |        8448      3.09%     96.91% |        8456      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273725                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          60     45.80%     45.80% |           6      4.58%     50.38% |           6      4.58%     54.96% |           4      3.05%     58.02% |           1      0.76%     58.78% |           1      0.76%     59.54% |           0      0.00%     59.54% |           0      0.00%     59.54% |           3      2.29%     61.83% |           2      1.53%     63.36% |           2      1.53%     64.89% |           3      2.29%     67.18% |           2      1.53%     68.70% |           0      0.00%     68.70% |           1      0.76%     69.47% |           0      0.00%     69.47% |           1      0.76%     70.23% |           1      0.76%     70.99% |           2      1.53%     72.52% |           1      0.76%     73.28% |           3      2.29%     75.57% |           3      2.29%     77.86% |           3      2.29%     80.15% |           1      0.76%     80.92% |           4      3.05%     83.97% |           2      1.53%     85.50% |           3      2.29%     87.79% |           3      2.29%     90.08% |           5      3.82%     93.89% |           3      2.29%     96.18% |           3      2.29%     98.47% |           2      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          131                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.52%      6.52% |           2      4.35%     10.87% |           3      6.52%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      2.17%     19.57% |           4      8.70%     28.26% |           0      0.00%     28.26% |           0      0.00%     28.26% |           3      6.52%     34.78% |           3      6.52%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           2      4.35%     47.83% |           1      2.17%     50.00% |           1      2.17%     52.17% |           2      4.35%     56.52% |           1      2.17%     58.70% |           1      2.17%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      2.17%     63.04% |           2      4.35%     67.39% |           2      4.35%     71.74% |           4      8.70%     80.43% |           2      4.35%     84.78% |           2      4.35%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           1      2.17%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           2      4.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           7      2.80%      2.80% |           5      2.00%      4.80% |           9      3.60%      8.40% |           9      3.60%     12.00% |           8      3.20%     15.20% |           8      3.20%     18.40% |           3      1.20%     19.60% |           6      2.40%     22.00% |           5      2.00%     24.00% |           7      2.80%     26.80% |           7      2.80%     29.60% |           3      1.20%     30.80% |           8      3.20%     34.00% |           4      1.60%     35.60% |           4      1.60%     37.20% |           5      2.00%     39.20% |           5      2.00%     41.20% |           7      2.80%     44.00% |           6      2.40%     46.40% |           9      3.60%     50.00% |           9      3.60%     53.60% |          13      5.20%     58.80% |          11      4.40%     63.20% |          13      5.20%     68.40% |           9      3.60%     72.00% |           9      3.60%     75.60% |          12      4.80%     80.40% |          12      4.80%     85.20% |          11      4.40%     89.60% |           9      3.60%     93.20% |          15      6.00%     99.20% |           2      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          250                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          24      3.88%      3.88% |          21      3.39%      7.27% |          15      2.42%      9.69% |          18      2.91%     12.60% |          22      3.55%     16.16% |          30      4.85%     21.00% |          27      4.36%     25.36% |          20      3.23%     28.59% |          17      2.75%     31.34% |          19      3.07%     34.41% |          20      3.23%     37.64% |          19      3.07%     40.71% |          20      3.23%     43.94% |          21      3.39%     47.33% |          21      3.39%     50.73% |          18      2.91%     53.63% |          17      2.75%     56.38% |          16      2.58%     58.97% |          16      2.58%     61.55% |          21      3.39%     64.94% |          25      4.04%     68.98% |          25      4.04%     73.02% |          20      3.23%     76.25% |          16      2.58%     78.84% |          14      2.26%     81.10% |          15      2.42%     83.52% |          14      2.26%     85.78% |          16      2.58%     88.37% |          14      2.26%     90.63% |          15      2.42%     93.05% |          16      2.58%     95.64% |          27      4.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          619                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         413      3.25%      3.25% |         378      2.97%      6.22% |         376      2.96%      9.18% |         373      2.94%     12.12% |         385      3.03%     15.15% |         389      3.06%     18.21% |         386      3.04%     21.25% |         391      3.08%     24.32% |         396      3.12%     27.44% |         408      3.21%     30.65% |         411      3.23%     33.88% |         400      3.15%     37.03% |         425      3.34%     40.38% |         428      3.37%     43.74% |         424      3.34%     47.08% |         414      3.26%     50.34% |         418      3.29%     53.63% |         404      3.18%     56.81% |         398      3.13%     59.94% |         369      2.90%     62.84% |         363      2.86%     65.70% |         391      3.08%     68.78% |         383      3.01%     71.79% |         384      3.02%     74.81% |         413      3.25%     78.06% |         418      3.29%     81.35% |         427      3.36%     84.71% |         392      3.08%     87.80% |         392      3.08%     90.88% |         387      3.05%     93.93% |         396      3.12%     97.04% |         376      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        12708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      6.67%     13.33% |           3     10.00%     23.33% |           1      3.33%     26.67% |           2      6.67%     33.33% |           4     13.33%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           2      6.67%     56.67% |           2      6.67%     63.33% |           2      6.67%     70.00% |           2      6.67%     76.67% |           2      6.67%     83.33% |           1      3.33%     86.67% |           1      3.33%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      2.33%      2.33% |           2      4.65%      6.98% |           3      6.98%     13.95% |           1      2.33%     16.28% |           0      0.00%     16.28% |           3      6.98%     23.26% |           3      6.98%     30.23% |           3      6.98%     37.21% |           1      2.33%     39.53% |           3      6.98%     46.51% |           4      9.30%     55.81% |           1      2.33%     58.14% |           2      4.65%     62.79% |           2      4.65%     67.44% |           3      6.98%     74.42% |           2      4.65%     79.07% |           2      4.65%     83.72% |           1      2.33%     86.05% |           1      2.33%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           1      2.33%     93.02% |           1      2.33%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      2.33%     97.67% |           1      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5292      4.14%      4.14% |        4027      3.15%      7.28% |        4082      3.19%     10.47% |        3980      3.11%     13.58% |        3984      3.11%     16.70% |        3972      3.10%     19.80% |        3977      3.11%     22.91% |        3972      3.10%     26.01% |        3976      3.11%     29.12% |        4008      3.13%     32.25% |        4027      3.15%     35.40% |        3932      3.07%     38.47% |        3950      3.09%     41.56% |        3963      3.10%     44.65% |        3967      3.10%     47.75% |        3926      3.07%     50.82% |        3959      3.09%     53.92% |        3943      3.08%     57.00% |        3946      3.08%     60.08% |        3952      3.09%     63.17% |        3948      3.09%     66.26% |        3971      3.10%     69.36% |        3970      3.10%     72.46% |        3905      3.05%     75.51% |        3929      3.07%     78.58% |        3951      3.09%     81.67% |        3918      3.06%     84.73% |        3894      3.04%     87.78% |        3922      3.06%     90.84% |        3891      3.04%     93.88% |        3886      3.04%     96.92% |        3944      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       127964                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         415      3.24%      3.24% |         378      2.96%      6.20% |         382      2.99%      9.19% |         374      2.92%     12.11% |         386      3.02%     15.13% |         390      3.05%     18.18% |         387      3.03%     21.20% |         392      3.06%     24.27% |         398      3.11%     27.38% |         413      3.23%     30.61% |         413      3.23%     33.84% |         402      3.14%     36.98% |         428      3.35%     40.33% |         431      3.37%     43.69% |         426      3.33%     47.03% |         420      3.28%     50.31% |         424      3.31%     53.62% |         406      3.17%     56.80% |         397      3.10%     59.90% |         373      2.92%     62.82% |         365      2.85%     65.67% |         399      3.12%     68.79% |         386      3.02%     71.81% |         387      3.03%     74.83% |         411      3.21%     78.05% |         420      3.28%     81.33% |         427      3.34%     84.67% |         397      3.10%     87.77% |         399      3.12%     90.89% |         389      3.04%     93.93% |         399      3.12%     97.05% |         377      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12791                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5277      3.18%      3.18% |        5174      3.12%      6.31% |        5175      3.12%      9.43% |        5178      3.12%     12.55% |        5164      3.12%     15.67% |        5170      3.12%     18.79% |        5158      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5177      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5187      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.12%     53.13% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5182      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5182      3.13%     65.64% |        5198      3.14%     68.78% |        5171      3.12%     71.90% |        5167      3.12%     75.01% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.26% |        5186      3.13%     84.39% |        5177      3.12%     87.52% |        5172      3.12%     90.64% |        5174      3.12%     93.76% |        5187      3.13%     96.89% |        5159      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165738                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.44%      4.44% |           3      6.67%     11.11% |           4      8.89%     20.00% |           3      6.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           2      4.44%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           2      4.44%     35.56% |           0      0.00%     35.56% |           0      0.00%     35.56% |           3      6.67%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           3      6.67%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |          11     24.44%     77.78% |           3      6.67%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           0      0.00%     91.11% |           3      6.67%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       45937      7.99%      7.99% |       17993      3.13%     11.12% |       16681      2.90%     14.03% |       17654      3.07%     17.10% |       16872      2.94%     20.04% |       16510      2.87%     22.91% |       16179      2.82%     25.72% |       16158      2.81%     28.54% |       16382      2.85%     31.39% |       16942      2.95%     34.33% |       18618      3.24%     37.57% |       18936      3.30%     40.87% |       17040      2.97%     43.84% |       16689      2.90%     46.74% |       15854      2.76%     49.50% |       16243      2.83%     52.32% |       17185      2.99%     55.32% |       16686      2.90%     58.22% |       17008      2.96%     61.18% |       17038      2.96%     64.14% |       16690      2.90%     67.05% |       19133      3.33%     70.38% |       16592      2.89%     73.26% |       16272      2.83%     76.10% |       16734      2.91%     79.01% |       17118      2.98%     81.99% |       16665      2.90%     84.89% |       16623      2.89%     87.78% |       16514      2.87%     90.65% |       16311      2.84%     93.49% |       17437      3.03%     96.53% |       19964      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       574658                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.57%      3.57% |           1      3.57%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           2      7.14%     14.29% |           3     10.71%     25.00% |           1      3.57%     28.57% |           2      7.14%     35.71% |           4     14.29%     50.00% |           1      3.57%     53.57% |           2      7.14%     60.71% |           2      7.14%     67.86% |           2      7.14%     75.00% |           2      7.14%     82.14% |           2      7.14%     89.29% |           1      3.57%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.57%      3.57% |           1      3.57%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           2      7.14%     14.29% |           3     10.71%     25.00% |           1      3.57%     28.57% |           2      7.14%     35.71% |           4     14.29%     50.00% |           1      3.57%     53.57% |           2      7.14%     60.71% |           2      7.14%     67.86% |           2      7.14%     75.00% |           2      7.14%     82.14% |           2      7.14%     89.29% |           1      3.57%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           28                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      276610     18.16%     18.16% |      761517     50.00%     68.16% |      484907     31.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1523034                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      276610     18.16%     18.16% |      761517     50.00%     68.16% |      484907     31.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1523034                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      276610     18.16%     18.16% |      761517     50.00%     68.16% |      484907     31.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1523034                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      276610     18.16%     18.16% |      761517     50.00%     68.16% |      484907     31.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1523034                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
