
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.096979                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 96979464000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5273147542500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31449                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    54860                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               65045081                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                7860696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1490.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    46888553                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      81794659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21136064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21136064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11913856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11913856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       330251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             330251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186154                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186154                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    217943708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            217943708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    122849266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           122849266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    340792974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           340792974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     330251                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186154                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   330251                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186154                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21133824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11913792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21136064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11913856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    35                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     1535                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2093                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  96978901000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               330251                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186154                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 167711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  44710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  31920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  21488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  14688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  10711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   7762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   5809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   4312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   3434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  2748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  1775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  35655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  36229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  36428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   2997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       155015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.185253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.383476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.747640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48900     31.55%     31.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45689     29.47%     61.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43261     27.91%     88.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6968      4.50%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4207      2.71%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2136      1.38%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1407      0.91%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          890      0.57%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1557      1.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       155015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.796861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.778696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33699     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.522845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.390745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.553085                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          31483     93.40%     93.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1604      4.76%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          367      1.09%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          252      0.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 11468329105                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            17659879105                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1651080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    34729.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               53479.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      217.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      122.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   217.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   122.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  248267                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 113078                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               60.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    187796.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15265557500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3238300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    78474185250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              590315040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              581583240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              322096500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              317332125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1292811000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1282811400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604422000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601817040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6334114800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6334114800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        41287926060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        40565935845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21969338250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22602663000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          72401023650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          72286257450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.571410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.387985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20716864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20716864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11494272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11494272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179598                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179598                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    213621144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            213621144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    118522742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           118522742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    332143886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           332143886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323701                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179598                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323701                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179598                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20714880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11494144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20716864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11494272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     1215                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1799                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  96978634000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323701                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179598                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 164692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  42503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  31116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  21741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  15069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  11027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   7928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   5834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   4440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   3382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  1377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  32395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  34980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  35164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   2980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   1871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   3047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       146746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.482153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.820658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.214160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44972     30.65%     30.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41189     28.07%     58.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43174     29.42%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7115      4.85%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4233      2.88%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2179      1.48%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1381      0.94%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          964      0.66%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1539      1.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       146746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.935261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.796229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32571     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.512969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.383455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.531761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30397     93.31%     93.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1612      4.95%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          345      1.06%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          223      0.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 10722064381                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            16790876881                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1618350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    33126.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               51876.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      213.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      118.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   213.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   118.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  245173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 111339                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    192685.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15466776250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3238300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    78272945500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              559780200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              549612000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              305435625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              299887500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1268014800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1256533200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583420320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580329360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6334114800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6334114800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        40779254925                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        39809724255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22415529000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23265994500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          72245549670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          72096195615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          744.968376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.428294                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20711040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20711040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11495104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11495104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    213561090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            213561090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    118531321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           118531321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    332092411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           332092411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323610                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179611                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323610                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179611                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20710080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11494912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20711040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11495104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     1211                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1846                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  96979322500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323610                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179611                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 165336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  31082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  21741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  14786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  10701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   7629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   5762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   4385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   3359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  1401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  32410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  34834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  35026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       145618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.158593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.666169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.386373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44673     30.68%     30.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40247     27.64%     58.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43182     29.65%     87.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7012      4.82%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4257      2.92%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2211      1.52%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1422      0.98%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          941      0.65%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1673      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       145618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.932805                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.887804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32572     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.513338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.382890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.539175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30368     93.22%     93.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1626      4.99%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          354      1.09%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          229      0.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 10769780546                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            16837186796                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1617975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    33281.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               52031.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      213.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      118.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   213.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   118.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  245572                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 112009                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               62.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    192717.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15512003000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3238300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    78227817500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              556514280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              544350240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              303653625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              297016500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1267905600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1256088600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583407360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580452480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6334114800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6334114800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        40671189765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        39743087265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22510320000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23324445000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          72227105430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          72079554885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.778224                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.256740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20699136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20699136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11492096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11492096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    213438342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            213438342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    118500304                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           118500304                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    331938646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           331938646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323425                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179564                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179564                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20698496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11492096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20699200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11492096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     1487                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2047                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  96978722500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323425                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179564                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 165249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  41893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  30620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  21472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  14860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  10944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   7903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   5952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   4285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   3347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  1675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  1704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  32354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  34746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  35068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   2970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       145212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.676005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.394595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.192633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43860     30.20%     30.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40674     28.01%     58.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43275     29.80%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6917      4.76%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4257      2.93%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2226      1.53%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1395      0.96%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          937      0.65%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1671      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       145212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.933106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.401293                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32549     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.515034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.381885                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.563238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30343     93.19%     93.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1622      4.98%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          334      1.03%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          260      0.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 11054873869                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            17118886369                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1617070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    34181.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               52931.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      213.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      118.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   213.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   118.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  245337                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 112423                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               62.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    192804.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15228016500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3238300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    78511819500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              554246280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              543541320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              302416125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              296575125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1266205200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1256377200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583271280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580271040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6334114800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6334114800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        40527045315                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        39742000560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22636762500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23325398250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          72204061500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          72078278295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.540604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.243576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1350                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1350                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               222                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              222                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3995                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4883                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              473568                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              116568                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1793000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17349603                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 37.713903                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.896018                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                43.259936                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16752162     96.56%     96.56% |      460872      2.66%     99.21% |       90361      0.52%     99.73% |       30034      0.17%     99.91% |       11285      0.07%     99.97% |        3624      0.02%     99.99% |        1151      0.01%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17349603                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     37778378                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.174849                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.783700                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.021147                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    34709793     91.88%     91.88% |     1969552      5.21%     97.09% |      673961      1.78%     98.87% |      280197      0.74%     99.62% |       89109      0.24%     99.85% |       34399      0.09%     99.94% |       13410      0.04%     99.98% |        6029      0.02%     99.99% |        1928      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      37778378                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            37778375                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              18.507758                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.137100                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             69.012009                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    37655196     99.67%     99.67% |      110230      0.29%     99.97% |       10140      0.03%     99.99% |        2040      0.01%    100.00% |         628      0.00%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              37778375                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        34694433                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.010266                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.007456                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.166708                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    34522347     99.50%     99.50% |       73077      0.21%     99.71% |       45039      0.13%     99.84% |       28410      0.08%     99.93% |       20065      0.06%     99.98% |        5447      0.02%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          34694433                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3083942                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        192.854977                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       149.550513                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       158.881975                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2960763     96.01%     96.01% |      110230      3.57%     99.58% |       10140      0.33%     99.91% |        2040      0.07%     99.98% |         628      0.02%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3083942                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses        1259814                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses      1259814                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           31                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           18                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           21                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           24                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24366364                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       689341                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25055705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9928608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123615                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10052223                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1526191                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        31085                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       441627                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1720568                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54401                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        30070                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       207238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       237308                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        89864                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        35205                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       236004                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       271209                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       102791                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        37383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       246871                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       284254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       108435                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        39992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       252083                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       292075                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       110297                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        53499                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       301168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       354667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       133769                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        52377                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       294467                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       346844                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       129962                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        76509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       369444                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       445953                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       166389                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        74426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       363696                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       438122                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       162840                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       115257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49786                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       165043                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        51640                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43080                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        94720                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        52330                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43260                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        95590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        51427                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        94644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        51125                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        94293                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        50696                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        93893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        49469                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        92671                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        49724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43134                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        92858                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        51186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        94386                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        50758                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        93951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        50811                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        94036                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        50540                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        93656                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        50001                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        93170                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        50406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43047                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        93453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        52959                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        96188                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        50771                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        93922                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        49907                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        92983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        50374                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        93478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        50785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        93900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        49957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        93101                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        51068                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        42998                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        94066                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        50903                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43052                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        93955                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        51606                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        94708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        50960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43134                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        94094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        54251                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        42992                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        97243                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        54954                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        98073                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        50578                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        42948                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        93526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        50539                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        93646                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        50336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        93425                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        49404                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        92582                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        49814                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        93014                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        52513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43162                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        95675                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles       180951                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     19970681                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     19970681                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20484347                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     19970680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10872133                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10770068                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     19970679                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.102963                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     14480327                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     14480327                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15200216                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14480327                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9581903                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9402903                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     14480327                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.074657                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9332221                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9332221                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9662951                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9332221                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4429207                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4388921                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9332221                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.048114                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8781150                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8781150                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9134157                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8781150                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4284416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4262690                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8781150                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.045273                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     10274435                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     10274435                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10715482                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10274435                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5632780                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5551659                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     10274435                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.052972                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9139157                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9139157                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9576812                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9139157                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4669401                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4636269                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9139157                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.047119                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10916705                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10916705                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11508433                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10916705                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4805095                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4762829                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10916705                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.056284                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      9326044                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      9326044                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9916522                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9326044                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4392665                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4363256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      9326044                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.048083                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      7604313                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      7604313                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7949444                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7604313                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3761238                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3712317                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      7604313                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.039206                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      9344139                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      9344139                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9902590                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9344139                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4728184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4665855                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      9344139                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.048176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5567434                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5567434                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5886892                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5567434                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2373801                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2340950                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5567434                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.028704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3752708                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3752708                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3781485                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3752708                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1704778                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1704052                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3752708                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019348                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4462259                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4462259                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4500821                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4462259                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2205503                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2204355                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4462259                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023006                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3888396                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3888396                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3920583                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3888396                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1775821                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1775036                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3888396                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020048                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2854195                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2854195                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2904171                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2854195                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1128222                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1125907                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2854195                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.014715                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3715932                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3715932                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3776643                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3715932                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1485879                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1484116                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3715932                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019158                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4556001                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4556001                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4605201                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4556001                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1730937                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1729661                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4556001                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023490                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3930204                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3930204                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3976943                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3930204                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1530638                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1529664                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3930204                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020263                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3520016                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3520016                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3581205                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3520016                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1445089                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1443668                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3520016                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018148                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2073274                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2073274                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2131928                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2073274                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       867409                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       866018                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2073274                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010689                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1951892                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1951892                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1956581                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1951892                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       954663                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       954492                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1951892                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010063                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2374582                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2374582                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2383003                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2374582                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1250924                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1250230                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2374582                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012243                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2169338                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2169338                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2177067                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2169338                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1072046                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1071790                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2169338                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011185                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1354201                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1354201                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1354201                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1354201                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       603422                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       603381                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1354201                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.006982                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1905863                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1905863                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1910489                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1905863                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       907972                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       907779                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1905863                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.009826                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2332945                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2332945                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2341156                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2332945                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1224834                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1224145                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2332945                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012028                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2154260                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2154260                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2161812                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2154260                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1059772                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1059520                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2154260                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011107                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1360739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1360739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1360739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1360739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       605628                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       605583                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1360739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8649433                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8649433                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9042494                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8649433                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4043174                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4034317                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8649433                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.044594                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7674832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7674832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7895241                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7674832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3396625                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3391708                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7674832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.039569                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8206994                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8206994                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8628011                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8206994                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3519298                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3501578                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8206994                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.042313                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8103871                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8103871                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8418892                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8103871                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3532214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3523323                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8103871                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.041781                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    16355377     32.82%     32.82% |    30416573     61.04%     93.86% |     3059359      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     49831309                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    16355379     32.82%     32.82% |    30416574     61.04%     93.86% |     3059359      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     49831312                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   492365410                       |   769845056                       |    73111272                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   310146960                       |   143766768                       |     3084515                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   30.104192                       |   25.310052                       |   23.897579                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   18.962997                       |    4.726593                       |    1.008223                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.796842                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     9.170906                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         35.967748                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004111                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.100072      7.90%      7.90% |    0.099083      7.83%     15.73% |    0.098781      7.80%     23.53% |    0.098047      7.74%     31.28% |    0.196637     15.53%     46.81% |    0.196727     15.54%     62.35% |    0.196564     15.53%     77.87% |    0.196623     15.53%     93.40% |    0.020877      1.65%     95.05% |    0.020877      1.65%     96.70% |    0.020875      1.65%     98.35% |    0.020876      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.266040                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031535                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022394                       |    0.000000                       |    0.004467                       |    0.005107                       |    0.005316                       |    0.005467                       |    0.006489                       |    0.006323                       |    0.007878                       |    0.007748                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006077                       |    0.003697                       |    0.003650                       |    0.003678                       |    0.003661                       |    0.003659                       |    0.003655                       |    0.003632                       |    0.003642                       |    0.003717                       |    0.003720                       |    0.003691                       |    0.003683                       |    0.003665                       |    0.003629                       |    0.003637                       |    0.003681                       |    0.003668                       |    0.003671                       |    0.003664                       |    0.003660                       |    0.003743                       |    0.003671                       |    0.003643                       |    0.003660                       |    0.003672                       |    0.003649                       |    0.003673                       |    0.003673                       |    0.003689                       |    0.003769                       |    0.003794                       |    0.010207                       |    0.010003                       |    0.010000                       |    0.009995                       |    0.000124                       |           0                       |    0.006161                       |    0.012661                       |    0.000575                       |    0.000663                       |    0.000689                       |    0.000712                       |    0.000862                       |    0.000846                       |    0.001085                       |    0.001068                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003350                       |    0.000126                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003784                       |    0.002803                       |    0.011377                       |    0.003337                       |    0.001085                       |    0.004628                       |    0.013040                       |    0.005740                       |           0                       |    0.003355                       |    0.007113                       |           0                       |    0.011584                       |    0.016936                       |    0.005606                       |    0.006380                       |    0.003340                       |    0.000575                       |    0.012443                       |    0.013225                       |    0.012151                       |    0.007268                       |    0.003357                       |    0.000663                       |    0.014366                       |    0.010927                       |    0.008693                       |           0                       |    0.003348                       |    0.006910                       |           0                       |    0.013635                       |    0.009155                       |    0.006522                       |           0                       |    0.003359                       |           0                       |    0.007351                       |    0.004595                       |    0.004043                       |           0                       |    0.003347                       |           0                       |    0.003660                       |    0.002819                       |           0                       |    0.003416                       |           0                       |    0.001651                       |    0.003743                       |    0.003432                       |    0.011198                       |    0.003376                       |    0.001068                       |    0.011233                       |    0.004876                       |    0.012992                       |    0.003433                       |    0.007596                       |    0.003342                       |    0.000689                       |    0.005231                       |    0.014276                       |    0.017443                       |    0.004394                       |    0.024583                       |    0.005074                       |    0.006161                       |    0.008120                       |    0.019298                       |    0.029462                       |    0.010265                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003369                       |    0.012661                       |    0.008966                       |    0.022462                       |    0.017067                       |    0.010131                       |    0.007764                       |    0.003337                       |    0.000712                       |    0.007600                       |    0.012831                       |    0.009589                       |    0.005286                       |           0                       |    0.003364                       |           0                       |    0.002843                       |    0.007355                       |    0.004766                       |    0.004678                       |           0                       |    0.003352                       |           0                       |    0.001571                       |    0.003672                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.003354                       |           0                       |    0.000821                       |    0.003671                       |    0.003339                       |           0                       |    0.003381                       |           0                       |    0.011884                       |    0.004081                       |    0.006036                       |    0.003322                       |           0                       |    0.003435                       |    0.006910                       |           0                       |    0.005410                       |    0.012406                       |    0.010827                       |    0.003326                       |    0.009276                       |    0.003344                       |    0.000862                       |    0.016276                       |    0.013695                       |    0.009471                       |    0.003360                       |    0.009063                       |    0.003332                       |    0.000846                       |    0.007312                       |    0.014996                       |    0.009191                       |    0.003341                       |           0                       |    0.003430                       |    0.006907                       |           0                       |    0.006338                       |    0.013695                       |    0.008055                       |    0.003357                       |           0                       |    0.003337                       |           0                       |    0.002019                       |    0.007314                       |    0.004025                       |    0.003353                       |           0                       |    0.003344                       |           0                       |    0.000771                       |    0.003649                       |    0.003343                       |           0                       |    0.003339                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003643                       |           0                       |    0.003322                       |           0                       |    0.005473                       |           0                       |    0.005920                       |           0                       |    0.003326                       |           0                       |    0.004418                       |    0.004121                       |    0.007293                       |           0                       |    0.003360                       |           0                       |    0.009190                       |    0.006275                       |    0.004665                       |           0                       |    0.003341                       |           0                       |    0.003984                       |    0.009155                       |    0.003783                       |           0                       |    0.003357                       |           0                       |    0.006202                       |    0.008589                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003353                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007337                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003343                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003673                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.266040                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8494439                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8494439                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343301                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6112152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5584018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     91.359279                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          737702                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30788                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15031890                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73251                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            15841361                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138514                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15105141                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        15979875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  30873251                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211765                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              31085016                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10059157                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9553                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10068710                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10059157                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9553                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10068710                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                190209228                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     33215676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               53677296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8494439                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6321720                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             151823894                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          786012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       283143                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       333653                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10058552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189500                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3806                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    186372204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.518027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        167089558     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2040383      1.09%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2636877      1.41%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           785354      0.42%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4165527      2.24%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1075858      0.58%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1683927      0.90%     96.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           427047      0.23%     96.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6467673      3.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    186372204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044658                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.282201                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11760553                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     161244098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6148679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6825861                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         393006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       92958178                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         393006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14421965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        98241390                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10683345                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9990330                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      52642161                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       91390006                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7459098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     95617471                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     216198175                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    138851667                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      84448917                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11168526                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296382                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          44054653                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7956019                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     16157170                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2272677                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2109832                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           89718260                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       693690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          94030338                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270830                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8348097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13319894                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96435                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    186372204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.504530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    147477309     79.13%     79.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16635824      8.93%     88.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7739346      4.15%     92.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5190338      2.78%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3913335      2.10%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2725143      1.46%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023793      1.09%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413933      0.22%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253183      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    186372204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104545     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784929     77.88%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118362     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338395      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      63369829     67.39%     67.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43654      0.05%     67.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14206798     15.11%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16019599     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       94030338                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.494352                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007836                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010718                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    375711265                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     98767722                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     86433830                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       94699638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2284702                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209674                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2683                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8217                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8431492                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         393006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5854153                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84239868                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     90411950                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7956019                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16157170                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       684835                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         111148                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8217                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123985                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282762                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406747                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      93419018                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14016212                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             29874509                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7170697                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           15858297                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.491138                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               86534763                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              86433935                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45405664                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          74188193                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.454415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.612034                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8533875                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       597255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356802                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    184958821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.442232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    155043338     83.83%     83.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13016723      7.04%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6861620      3.71%     94.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2640139      1.43%     96.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1644187      0.89%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1181067      0.64%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508717      0.28%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904349      0.49%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3158681      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    184958821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     46888552                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       81794656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               22346124                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6746341                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6726295                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          81393531                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       659515                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147670      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     59207757     72.39%     72.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42340      0.05%     72.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.06%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6746341      8.25%     80.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     15599783     19.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     81794656                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3158681                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            271996096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           182081109                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3837024                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            46888552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              81794656                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.056624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.056624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.246510                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.246510                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        144113234                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        63015696                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32984362                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         26222484                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        44397817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               9167060500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            9167060499.999989                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8565843                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        48.877871                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       34.120005                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       58.557910                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7968738     93.03%     93.03% |      460537      5.38%     98.41% |       90360      1.05%     99.46% |       30034      0.35%     99.81% |       11285      0.13%     99.94% |        3624      0.04%     99.99% |        1151      0.01%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8565843                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8539737                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.868351                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.605426                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.625390                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5633716     65.97%     65.97% |     2886619     33.80%     99.77% |       17769      0.21%     99.98% |        1297      0.02%    100.00% |         270      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8539737                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        244023                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.376424                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.463285                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.612256                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        4656      1.91%      1.91% |       29373     12.04%     13.94% |       85496     35.04%     48.98% |       55008     22.54%     71.52% |       50139     20.55%     92.07% |       14712      6.03%     98.10% |        4067      1.67%     99.77% |         520      0.21%     99.98% |          51      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          244023                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         11178900                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           35.349570                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.790079                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         102.347139                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    11085473     99.16%     99.16% |       82376      0.74%     99.90% |        8482      0.08%     99.98% |        1838      0.02%     99.99% |         592      0.01%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           11178900                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      9302511                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.030220                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.021560                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.295658                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9178314     98.66%     98.66% |       44830      0.48%     99.15% |       32006      0.34%     99.49% |       22702      0.24%     99.73% |       19168      0.21%     99.94% |        5443      0.06%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        9302511                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1876389                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     195.578131                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    145.543742                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    177.634693                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1782962     95.02%     95.02% |       82376      4.39%     99.41% |        8482      0.45%     99.86% |        1838      0.10%     99.96% |         592      0.03%     99.99% |         103      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1876389                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         16318858                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.007753                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.914191                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          58.509179                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    16289433     99.82%     99.82% |       27529      0.17%     99.99% |        1657      0.01%    100.00% |         201      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           16318858                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     15249811                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.004915                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003834                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.097758                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15202021     99.69%     99.69% |       28148      0.18%     99.87% |       13033      0.09%     99.96% |        5708      0.04%     99.99% |         897      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       15249811                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1069047                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     201.491485                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    170.851159                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    124.259498                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1039622     97.25%     97.25% |       27529      2.58%     99.82% |        1657      0.15%     99.98% |         201      0.02%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1069047                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10052221                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.031124                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.121709                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.365702                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10049354     99.97%     99.97% |        2605      0.03%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10052221                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9928608                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9928608    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9928608                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123613                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.851067                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.140315                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.668672                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120746     97.68%     97.68% |        2605      2.11%     99.79% |         233      0.19%     99.98% |          27      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123613                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.985808                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.742354                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.314406                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223109     98.25%     98.25% |        3069      1.35%     99.60% |         779      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212227                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021593                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212128     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212227                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14865                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.715237                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.748216                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.709367                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.21%     73.21% |        3069     20.65%     93.85% |         779      5.24%     99.09% |          70      0.47%     99.56% |          29      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.95% |           6      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14865                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks      1017650                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     18184919                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       177305                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    35388                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    40115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    41600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    44209                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    56420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    54826                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    72070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    70664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 201972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 231149                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 242704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 247919                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 298300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 292070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 373930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 367512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   111188                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   127323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   133413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   136305                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   163892                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   159925                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   204888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   200972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               237360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               271264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               284304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               292128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               354720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               346896                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               446000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               438176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                55146750                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                51672537                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                49833713                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                47049136                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                42886620                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                48754871                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                48241575                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                51506833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  173296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  198048                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  207568                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  213280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  258976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  253264                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  325616                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  319904                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  64064                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  73216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  76736                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  78848                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  95744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  93632                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                 120384                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                 118272                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                22040                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                23772                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                24600                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                26121                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                31970                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                31871                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                38986                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                38627                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             151256                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             174276                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             182968                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             187159                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             227006                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             221393                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             286630                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             281277                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               13348                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               16343                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               17000                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               18088                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               24450                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               22955                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               33084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               32037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             50716                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             56873                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             59736                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             60760                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             71294                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             70677                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             87300                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             86235                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       91                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      104                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      109                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      112                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      133                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      171                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      168                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               18129594                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               18201017                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               18192918                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               18170095                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               18104577                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               18147632                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               18176213                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               18215681                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1456                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1664                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1744                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1792                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    2176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2736                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    2688                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              16969223                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              17031540                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles              16976791                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              16900149                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles              16742405                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles              16782250                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles              16634914                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              16665896                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            3731828                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            4267883                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            4473304                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            4594444                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            5591339                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            5454314                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            7026715                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            6902824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              6154260                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              6085896                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              6177507                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              6350157                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              6634417                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              6860101                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              7612661                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              7536923                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         16969223                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         17031540                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time         16976791                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         16900149                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time         16742405                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time         16782250                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time         16634914                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         16665896                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       3729538                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       4262312                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       4467232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       4590196                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       5573758                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       5450842                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       7008156                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       6885195                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         6121459                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         6055488                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         6149085                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         6289893                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         6495882                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         6706673                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         7183278                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         7141988                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           17670274                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           17685691                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           17643028                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           17620212                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           17447294                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           17518107                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           17384039                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           17455649                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles             16719                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         17994282                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         17935224                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         17971780                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         17997215                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         17855269                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         17881183                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         17815173                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         17876537                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             90784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0            103826                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0            109291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0            111614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0            134408                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0            132145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0            169042                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0            166540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             13348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             16343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             17000                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             18088                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             24450                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             22955                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             33084                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             32037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              7336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              8310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              7281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              8272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              8151                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              8941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              8099                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              8469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      330226     25.38%     25.38% |      323701     24.88%     50.26% |      323610     24.87%     75.14% |      323425     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1300962                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180337     25.70%     25.70% |      173777     24.77%     50.47% |      173785     24.77%     75.24% |      173737     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701636                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      330251     25.38%     25.38% |      323701     24.88%     50.27% |      323610     24.87%     75.14% |      323424     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1300986                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186154     25.68%     25.68% |      179598     24.77%     50.45% |      179611     24.78%     75.23% |      179564     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141697     25.01%     25.01% |      141732     25.02%     50.03% |      141633     25.00%     75.03% |      141496     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       566558                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      330226     25.38%     25.38% |      323701     24.88%     50.26% |      323610     24.87%     75.14% |      323425     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1300962                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180101     25.70%     25.70% |      173598     24.77%     50.47% |      173611     24.77%     75.24% |      173564     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700874                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141697     25.01%     25.01% |      141732     25.02%     50.03% |      141633     25.00%     75.03% |      141496     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       566558                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      330226     25.38%     25.38% |      323701     24.88%     50.26% |      323610     24.87%     75.14% |      323424     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1300961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180101     25.70%     25.70% |      173598     24.77%     50.47% |      173611     24.77%     75.24% |      173564     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700874                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     9230180     82.50%     82.50% |          18      0.00%     82.50% |      173535      1.55%     84.06% |      198432      1.77%     85.83% |      208139      1.86%     87.69% |      213788      1.91%     89.60% |      259839      2.32%     91.92% |      254155      2.27%     94.19% |      327729      2.93%     97.12% |      321774      2.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     11187589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10052279    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10052279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    15826645     95.63%     95.63% |           0      0.00%     95.63% |       64141      0.39%     96.02% |       73369      0.44%     96.46% |       76904      0.46%     96.93% |       79003      0.48%     97.40% |       95943      0.58%     97.98% |       93879      0.57%     98.55% |      120898      0.73%     99.28% |      118820      0.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     16549602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17317     10.77%     10.77% |          18      0.01%     10.78% |       13022      8.10%     18.88% |       14816      9.22%     28.10% |       16296     10.14%     38.24% |       16940     10.54%     48.78% |       18559     11.55%     60.32% |       19292     12.00%     72.32% |       22146     13.78%     86.10% |       22346     13.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       160752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      808312     26.17%     26.17% |           0      0.00%     26.17% |      207015      6.70%     32.87% |      235891      7.64%     40.51% |      247123      8.00%     48.51% |      252549      8.18%     56.69% |      302259      9.79%     66.47% |      295713      9.57%     76.05% |      372874     12.07%     88.12% |      366964     11.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3088700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2552     10.33%     10.33% |        2793     11.30%     21.63% |        2871     11.62%     33.25% |        3037     12.29%     45.54% |        3013     12.19%     57.74% |        3203     12.96%     70.70% |        3499     14.16%     84.86% |        3740     15.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        24708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5356      9.15%      9.15% |        6449     11.01%     20.16% |        6571     11.22%     31.38% |        7229     12.34%     43.73% |        7647     13.06%     56.78% |        7729     13.20%     69.98% |        8919     15.23%     85.21% |        8661     14.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        58563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      189900     11.35%     11.35% |          16      0.00%     11.35% |      134979      8.07%     19.42% |      153799      9.19%     28.62% |      159024      9.51%     38.12% |      163414      9.77%     47.89% |      196800     11.76%     59.66% |      190929     11.41%     71.07% |      244431     14.61%     85.68% |      239541     14.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1672833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        5166      8.82%      8.82% |        6026     10.29%     19.11% |        6637     11.33%     30.45% |        6429     10.98%     41.43% |        7574     12.93%     54.36% |        7594     12.97%     67.33% |        9590     16.38%     83.70% |        9545     16.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        58563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      623032     46.06%     46.06% |           0      0.00%     46.06% |       67093      4.96%     51.02% |       76179      5.63%     56.66% |       81210      6.00%     62.66% |       82240      6.08%     68.74% |       96794      7.16%     75.90% |       95944      7.09%     82.99% |      115423      8.53%     91.53% |      114610      8.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1352525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686163     25.73%     25.73% |           0      0.00%     25.73% |      180414      6.77%     32.50% |      205547      7.71%     40.21% |      213253      8.00%     48.20% |      218297      8.19%     56.39% |      264069      9.90%     66.29% |      255345      9.58%     75.87% |      324819     12.18%     88.05% |      318657     11.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2666564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      189267     10.09%     10.09% |           9      0.00%     10.09% |      153188      8.17%     18.26% |      174410      9.30%     27.56% |      182594      9.74%     37.30% |      186356      9.94%     47.24% |      222798     11.88%     59.12% |      218629     11.66%     70.77% |      276306     14.73%     85.51% |      271773     14.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1875330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      121002    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       121002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498937     46.04%     46.04% |           0      0.00%     46.04% |       54047      4.99%     51.03% |       61570      5.68%     56.71% |       64258      5.93%     62.64% |       65713      6.06%     68.70% |       78358      7.23%     75.93% |       75835      7.00%     82.93% |       93126      8.59%     91.52% |       91881      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1083725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      7.23%      7.23% |           0      0.00%      7.23% |       12597      8.24%     15.46% |       14538      9.51%     24.97% |       16037     10.49%     35.45% |       16699     10.92%     46.37% |       18464     12.07%     58.44% |       19147     12.52%     70.96% |       22119     14.46%     85.42% |       22292     14.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       152944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1051     99.15%     99.15% |           9      0.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2613    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          65     33.51%     33.51% |           0      0.00%     33.51% |           3      1.55%     35.05% |          24     12.37%     47.42% |          19      9.79%     57.22% |          14      7.22%     64.43% |          12      6.19%     70.62% |           3      1.55%     72.16% |          12      6.19%     78.35% |          42     21.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1646      5.99%      5.99% |           0      0.00%      5.99% |        2931     10.66%     16.65% |        3018     10.98%     27.63% |        3084     11.22%     38.85% |        3231     11.75%     50.60% |        3058     11.12%     61.73% |        3317     12.07%     73.80% |        3481     12.66%     86.46% |        3722     13.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        27488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     21.32%     21.32% |           0      0.00%     21.32% |        3158      8.21%     29.53% |        3335      8.67%     38.19% |        3613      9.39%     47.58% |        4027     10.46%     58.05% |        3882     10.09%     68.13% |        4232     11.00%     79.13% |        4035     10.48%     89.61% |        3998     10.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        38487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9928608    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9928608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3598     93.41%     93.41% |           2      0.05%     93.46% |          70      1.82%     95.28% |          65      1.69%     96.96% |          41      1.06%     98.03% |          33      0.86%     98.88% |           6      0.16%     99.04% |          26      0.67%     99.71% |           6      0.16%     99.87% |           5      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     31.60%     31.60% |           0      0.00%     31.60% |       23378      6.14%     37.74% |       26903      7.06%     44.81% |       30003      7.88%     52.68% |       30029      7.88%     60.57% |       33517      8.80%     69.37% |       35290      9.27%     78.63% |       40620     10.66%     89.30% |       40763     10.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       380877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     5827058     96.15%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |       16918      0.28%     96.43% |       20271      0.33%     96.76% |       21329      0.35%     97.11% |       22865      0.38%     97.49% |       32264      0.53%     98.02% |       30371      0.50%     98.53% |       45243      0.75%     99.27% |       44101      0.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      6060420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2400     80.70%     80.70% |          16      0.54%     81.24% |         148      4.98%     86.21% |          95      3.19%     89.41% |          75      2.52%     91.93% |         113      3.80%     95.73% |          37      1.24%     96.97% |          57      1.92%     98.89% |           9      0.30%     99.19% |          24      0.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      151873      9.65%      9.65% |           0      0.00%      9.65% |      129332      8.21%     17.86% |      147108      9.34%     27.20% |      152213      9.67%     36.87% |      155912      9.90%     46.77% |      188966     12.00%     58.77% |      182988     11.62%     70.40% |      235395     14.95%     85.35% |      230717     14.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1574504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5337      9.16%      9.16% |        6421     11.02%     20.18% |        6548     11.24%     31.42% |        7196     12.35%     43.77% |        7612     13.06%     56.84% |        7701     13.22%     70.05% |        8844     15.18%     85.23% |        8604     14.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        58263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3203604    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3203604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    15291951     99.12%     99.12% |           0      0.00%     99.12% |        9994      0.06%     99.18% |       11599      0.08%     99.26% |       12441      0.08%     99.34% |       13100      0.08%     99.43% |       17353      0.11%     99.54% |       17774      0.12%     99.65% |       27231      0.18%     99.83% |       26327      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     15427770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         268     27.71%     27.71% |           0      0.00%     27.71% |         206     21.30%     49.02% |         117     12.10%     61.12% |         140     14.48%     75.59% |          92      9.51%     85.11% |          49      5.07%     90.18% |          60      6.20%     96.38% |          12      1.24%     97.62% |          23      2.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534290     48.92%     48.92% |           0      0.00%     48.92% |       51082      4.68%     53.60% |       58439      5.35%     58.95% |       61040      5.59%     64.54% |       62385      5.71%     70.26% |       75103      6.88%     77.13% |       72357      6.63%     83.76% |       89424      8.19%     91.95% |       87940      8.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1092060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2551     10.33%     10.33% |        2793     11.31%     21.64% |        2871     11.63%     33.27% |        3035     12.29%     45.56% |        3012     12.20%     57.76% |        3201     12.96%     70.72% |        3494     14.15%     84.87% |        3736     15.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        24693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      0.99%      0.99% |           0      0.00%      0.99% |         234      1.94%      2.93% |         343      2.85%      5.78% |         686      5.70%     11.48% |         877      7.28%     18.76% |        1357     11.27%     30.03% |        1599     13.28%     43.31% |        3429     28.48%     71.79% |        3396     28.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        12040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      189900     11.35%     11.35% |          16      0.00%     11.35% |      134979      8.07%     19.42% |      153799      9.19%     28.62% |      159024      9.51%     38.12% |      163414      9.77%     47.89% |      196800     11.76%     59.66% |      190929     11.41%     71.07% |      244431     14.61%     85.68% |      239541     14.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1672833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        5166      8.82%      8.82% |        6026     10.29%     19.11% |        6637     11.33%     30.45% |        6429     10.98%     41.43% |        7574     12.93%     54.36% |        7594     12.97%     67.33% |        9590     16.38%     83.70% |        9545     16.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        58563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124030     46.18%     46.18% |           0      0.00%     46.18% |       13043      4.86%     51.03% |       14585      5.43%     56.46% |       16933      6.30%     62.77% |       16513      6.15%     68.91% |       18424      6.86%     75.77% |       20106      7.49%     83.26% |       22285      8.30%     91.55% |       22687      8.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       268606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10      0.58%      0.58% |           0      0.00%      0.58% |          58      3.35%      3.93% |          80      4.62%      8.55% |          97      5.60%     14.15% |         115      6.64%     20.80% |         258     14.90%     35.70% |         162      9.36%     45.06% |         525     30.33%     75.39% |         426     24.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         1731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      499002     46.04%     46.04% |           0      0.00%     46.04% |       54050      4.99%     51.02% |       61594      5.68%     56.71% |       64277      5.93%     62.64% |       65727      6.06%     68.70% |       78370      7.23%     75.93% |       75838      7.00%     82.93% |       93138      8.59%     91.52% |       91923      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1083919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         993     11.43%     11.43% |           0      0.00%     11.43% |         271      3.12%     14.55% |         416      4.79%     19.34% |         603      6.94%     26.28% |         540      6.22%     32.50% |         895     10.30%     42.80% |         923     10.63%     53.42% |        2144     24.68%     78.11% |        1902     21.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         8687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         127      5.41%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |          97      4.13%      9.54% |         176      7.50%     17.04% |         186      7.92%     24.96% |         176      7.50%     32.45% |         220      9.37%     41.82% |         267     11.37%     53.19% |         529     22.53%     75.72% |         570     24.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           1      6.67%     13.33% |           3     20.00%     33.33% |           3     20.00%     53.33% |           3     20.00%     73.33% |           2     13.33%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2     13.33%     20.00% |           1      6.67%     26.67% |           2     13.33%     40.00% |           5     33.33%     73.33% |           4     26.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19      6.38%      6.38% |          28      9.40%     15.77% |          23      7.72%     23.49% |          33     11.07%     34.56% |          35     11.74%     46.31% |          28      9.40%     55.70% |          75     25.17%     80.87% |          57     19.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686163     25.74%     25.74% |           0      0.00%     25.74% |      180393      6.77%     32.50% |      205518      7.71%     40.21% |      213227      8.00%     48.21% |      218259      8.19%     56.39% |      264030      9.90%     66.30% |      255313      9.58%     75.87% |      324739     12.18%     88.05% |      318594     11.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2666236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21      6.40%      6.40% |          29      8.84%     15.24% |          26      7.93%     23.17% |          38     11.59%     34.76% |          39     11.89%     46.65% |          32      9.76%     56.40% |          80     24.39%     80.79% |          63     19.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          328                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3858      3.12%      3.12% |        3691      2.98%      6.10% |        3433      2.78%      8.88% |        3497      2.83%     11.71% |        3477      2.81%     14.52% |        3974      3.21%     17.73% |        3701      2.99%     20.72% |        3314      2.68%     23.40% |        3513      2.84%     26.24% |        5114      4.13%     30.38% |        3877      3.13%     33.51% |        3794      3.07%     36.58% |        3487      2.82%     39.40% |        4388      3.55%     42.95% |        3834      3.10%     46.05% |        3784      3.06%     49.11% |        4120      3.33%     52.44% |        4154      3.36%     55.80% |        3659      2.96%     58.76% |        3338      2.70%     61.46% |        3072      2.48%     63.94% |        3740      3.02%     66.96% |        3520      2.85%     69.81% |        3363      2.72%     72.53% |        3603      2.91%     75.44% |        3726      3.01%     78.45% |        3245      2.62%     81.08% |        4613      3.73%     84.81% |        3992      3.23%     88.04% |        5241      4.24%     92.27% |        5112      4.13%     96.41% |        4445      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123679                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      118662      6.31%      6.31% |       57472      3.06%      9.37% |       56483      3.01%     12.38% |       57127      3.04%     15.42% |       56741      3.02%     18.44% |       56508      3.01%     21.44% |       56225      2.99%     24.44% |       56069      2.98%     27.42% |       56181      2.99%     30.41% |       56558      3.01%     33.42% |       58520      3.11%     36.53% |       57604      3.07%     39.60% |       57223      3.05%     42.64% |       56422      3.00%     45.65% |       55722      2.97%     48.61% |       55909      2.98%     51.59% |       56978      3.03%     54.62% |       56544      3.01%     57.63% |       56787      3.02%     60.65% |       56793      3.02%     63.67% |       56971      3.03%     66.70% |       57994      3.09%     69.79% |       57048      3.04%     72.82% |       56177      2.99%     75.81% |       56454      3.00%     78.82% |       56724      3.02%     81.84% |       56311      3.00%     84.83% |       55980      2.98%     87.81% |       56627      3.01%     90.83% |       56107      2.99%     93.81% |       56650      3.01%     96.83% |       59649      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1879220                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       42613      3.93%      3.93% |       33623      3.10%      7.03% |       33332      3.07%     10.11% |       33533      3.09%     13.20% |       33398      3.08%     16.28% |       33269      3.07%     19.35% |       33598      3.10%     22.45% |       33292      3.07%     25.52% |       33395      3.08%     28.60% |       34060      3.14%     31.74% |       33308      3.07%     34.82% |       33334      3.07%     37.89% |       33679      3.11%     41.00% |       33190      3.06%     44.06% |       33228      3.07%     47.12% |       33279      3.07%     50.19% |       33359      3.08%     53.27% |       33330      3.07%     56.35% |       33681      3.11%     59.45% |       33618      3.10%     62.55% |       33522      3.09%     65.65% |       34627      3.19%     68.84% |       33484      3.09%     71.93% |       33568      3.10%     75.03% |       33515      3.09%     78.12% |       33522      3.09%     81.21% |       33635      3.10%     84.31% |       33545      3.09%     87.41% |       33421      3.08%     90.49% |       33456      3.09%     93.58% |       35579      3.28%     96.86% |       34060      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1084053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      152117      5.70%      5.70% |       82132      3.08%      8.78% |       80722      3.03%     11.81% |       81527      3.06%     14.87% |       81170      3.04%     17.91% |       80432      3.02%     20.93% |       80727      3.03%     23.95% |       80135      3.00%     26.96% |       80108      3.00%     29.96% |       81208      3.05%     33.01% |       82310      3.09%     36.10% |       81344      3.05%     39.15% |       81606      3.06%     42.21% |       80169      3.01%     45.21% |       79612      2.99%     48.20% |       79911      3.00%     51.19% |       80802      3.03%     54.22% |       80295      3.01%     57.23% |       80869      3.03%     60.27% |       81107      3.04%     63.31% |       81320      3.05%     66.36% |       83138      3.12%     69.48% |       81152      3.04%     72.52% |       80477      3.02%     75.54% |       80852      3.03%     78.57% |       81088      3.04%     81.61% |       80800      3.03%     84.64% |       80628      3.02%     87.66% |       81068      3.04%     90.70% |       80416      3.02%     93.72% |       83193      3.12%     96.84% |       84355      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2666790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           2      4.65%      4.65% |           0      0.00%      4.65% |           0      0.00%      4.65% |           0      0.00%      4.65% |           2      4.65%      9.30% |           1      2.33%     11.63% |           3      6.98%     18.60% |           0      0.00%     18.60% |           2      4.65%     23.26% |           0      0.00%     23.26% |           2      4.65%     27.91% |           0      0.00%     27.91% |           6     13.95%     41.86% |           3      6.98%     48.84% |           2      4.65%     53.49% |           1      2.33%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           1      2.33%     58.14% |           0      0.00%     58.14% |           0      0.00%     58.14% |           3      6.98%     65.12% |           1      2.33%     67.44% |           3      6.98%     74.42% |           4      9.30%     83.72% |           0      0.00%     83.72% |           2      4.65%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           0      0.00%     90.70% |           2      4.65%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           2      4.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28183      4.02%      4.02% |       21674      3.09%      7.12% |       21693      3.10%     10.21% |       21692      3.10%     13.31% |       21667      3.09%     16.40% |       21672      3.09%     19.50% |       21680      3.09%     22.59% |       21685      3.10%     25.69% |       21696      3.10%     28.78% |       21694      3.10%     31.88% |       21705      3.10%     34.98% |       21694      3.10%     38.08% |       21674      3.09%     41.17% |       21686      3.10%     44.27% |       21663      3.09%     47.36% |       21675      3.09%     50.45% |       21700      3.10%     53.55% |       21684      3.10%     56.65% |       21691      3.10%     59.74% |       21690      3.10%     62.84% |       21683      3.10%     65.93% |       21712      3.10%     69.03% |       21703      3.10%     72.13% |       21699      3.10%     75.23% |       21707      3.10%     78.33% |       21696      3.10%     81.42% |       21710      3.10%     84.52% |       21685      3.10%     87.62% |       21701      3.10%     90.72% |       21679      3.09%     93.81% |       21689      3.10%     96.91% |       21671      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700533                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17887      3.16%      3.16% |       17724      3.13%      6.28% |       17750      3.13%      9.41% |       17698      3.12%     12.53% |       17645      3.11%     15.65% |       17697      3.12%     18.77% |       17680      3.12%     21.89% |       17748      3.13%     25.02% |       17708      3.12%     28.14% |       17714      3.12%     31.27% |       17756      3.13%     34.40% |       17715      3.12%     37.52% |       17745      3.13%     40.65% |       17736      3.13%     43.78% |       17750      3.13%     46.91% |       17702      3.12%     50.04% |       17692      3.12%     53.16% |       17726      3.13%     56.28% |       17698      3.12%     59.41% |       17678      3.12%     62.52% |       17676      3.12%     65.64% |       17781      3.14%     68.78% |       17697      3.12%     71.90% |       17660      3.12%     75.02% |       17716      3.13%     78.14% |       17720      3.13%     81.27% |       17721      3.13%     84.39% |       17667      3.12%     87.51% |       17718      3.13%     90.63% |       17735      3.13%     93.76% |       17658      3.11%     96.88% |       17701      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       566899                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47181      3.63%      3.63% |       40446      3.11%      6.74% |       40489      3.11%      9.85% |       40436      3.11%     12.96% |       40356      3.10%     16.06% |       40414      3.11%     19.16% |       40406      3.11%     22.27% |       40479      3.11%     25.38% |       40450      3.11%     28.49% |       40455      3.11%     31.60% |       40506      3.11%     34.71% |       40454      3.11%     37.82% |       40464      3.11%     40.93% |       40467      3.11%     44.04% |       40458      3.11%     47.15% |       40422      3.11%     50.26% |       40437      3.11%     53.37% |       40456      3.11%     56.48% |       40435      3.11%     59.59% |       40414      3.11%     62.69% |       40405      3.11%     65.80% |       40540      3.12%     68.92% |       40446      3.11%     72.02% |       40404      3.11%     75.13% |       40469      3.11%     78.24% |       40463      3.11%     81.35% |       40477      3.11%     84.46% |       40396      3.11%     87.57% |       40464      3.11%     90.68% |       40460      3.11%     93.79% |       40393      3.10%     96.89% |       40419      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1300961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46157      3.64%      3.64% |       39422      3.11%      6.75% |       39465      3.11%      9.86% |       39412      3.11%     12.97% |       39332      3.10%     16.07% |       39390      3.11%     19.18% |       39382      3.11%     22.28% |       39455      3.11%     25.39% |       39426      3.11%     28.50% |       39431      3.11%     31.61% |       39482      3.11%     34.72% |       39430      3.11%     37.83% |       39440      3.11%     40.94% |       39443      3.11%     44.05% |       39434      3.11%     47.16% |       39398      3.11%     50.27% |       39413      3.11%     53.38% |       39432      3.11%     56.49% |       39411      3.11%     59.59% |       39390      3.11%     62.70% |       39381      3.11%     65.80% |       39516      3.12%     68.92% |       39422      3.11%     72.03% |       39380      3.11%     75.13% |       39445      3.11%     78.24% |       39439      3.11%     81.35% |       39453      3.11%     84.47% |       39372      3.10%     87.57% |       39440      3.11%     90.68% |       39436      3.11%     93.79% |       39369      3.10%     96.89% |       39395      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1268193                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          80      8.15%      8.15% |          30      3.06%     11.21% |          39      3.98%     15.19% |          32      3.26%     18.45% |          19      1.94%     20.39% |          25      2.55%     22.94% |          19      1.94%     24.87% |          33      3.36%     28.24% |          24      2.45%     30.68% |          25      2.55%     33.23% |          33      3.36%     36.60% |          23      2.34%     38.94% |          27      2.75%     41.69% |          15      1.53%     43.22% |          24      2.45%     45.67% |          29      2.96%     48.62% |          27      2.75%     51.38% |          32      3.26%     54.64% |          26      2.65%     57.29% |          32      3.26%     60.55% |          52      5.30%     65.85% |          58      5.91%     71.76% |          32      3.26%     75.03% |          28      2.85%     77.88% |          30      3.06%     80.94% |          30      3.06%     84.00% |          22      2.24%     86.24% |          20      2.04%     88.28% |          25      2.55%     90.83% |          26      2.65%     93.48% |          33      3.36%     96.84% |          31      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          981                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1768      3.02%      3.02% |        1800      3.07%      6.09% |        1819      3.11%      9.20% |        1799      3.07%     12.27% |        1777      3.03%     15.30% |        1869      3.19%     18.50% |        1855      3.17%     21.66% |        1852      3.16%     24.83% |        1879      3.21%     28.03% |        1869      3.19%     31.23% |        1905      3.25%     34.48% |        1858      3.17%     37.65% |        1841      3.14%     40.79% |        1886      3.22%     44.02% |        1864      3.18%     47.20% |        1837      3.14%     50.33% |        1860      3.18%     53.51% |        1866      3.19%     56.70% |        1894      3.23%     59.93% |        1819      3.11%     63.04% |        1794      3.06%     66.10% |        1851      3.16%     69.26% |        1826      3.12%     72.38% |        1820      3.11%     75.49% |        1782      3.04%     78.53% |        1792      3.06%     81.59% |        1799      3.07%     84.66% |        1751      2.99%     87.65% |        1765      3.01%     90.66% |        1816      3.10%     93.77% |        1785      3.05%     96.81% |        1866      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        58564                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2620      3.13%      3.13% |        2629      3.14%      6.28% |        2608      3.12%      9.40% |        2665      3.19%     12.58% |        2555      3.06%     15.64% |        2622      3.14%     18.77% |        2552      3.05%     21.82% |        2652      3.17%     25.00% |        2679      3.20%     28.20% |        2616      3.13%     31.33% |        2599      3.11%     34.44% |        2676      3.20%     37.64% |        2530      3.03%     40.66% |        2585      3.09%     43.75% |        2515      3.01%     46.76% |        2583      3.09%     49.85% |        2621      3.13%     52.98% |        2631      3.15%     56.13% |        2620      3.13%     59.26% |        2614      3.13%     62.39% |        2498      2.99%     65.37% |        2610      3.12%     68.50% |        2625      3.14%     71.63% |        2644      3.16%     74.80% |        2599      3.11%     77.90% |        2655      3.17%     81.08% |        2621      3.13%     84.21% |        2582      3.09%     87.30% |        2585      3.09%     90.39% |        2664      3.19%     93.58% |        2644      3.16%     96.74% |        2727      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        83626                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2385      3.13%      3.13% |        2328      3.06%      6.19% |        2339      3.07%      9.26% |        2339      3.07%     12.33% |        2294      3.01%     15.35% |        2349      3.08%     18.43% |        2353      3.09%     21.52% |        2423      3.18%     24.70% |        2423      3.18%     27.89% |        2385      3.13%     31.02% |        2464      3.24%     34.25% |        2409      3.16%     37.42% |        2412      3.17%     40.58% |        2411      3.17%     43.75% |        2410      3.17%     46.92% |        2383      3.13%     50.05% |        2429      3.19%     53.24% |        2439      3.20%     56.44% |        2447      3.21%     59.65% |        2340      3.07%     62.73% |        2292      3.01%     65.74% |        2427      3.19%     68.92% |        2365      3.11%     72.03% |        2320      3.05%     75.08% |        2366      3.11%     78.18% |        2409      3.16%     81.35% |        2390      3.14%     84.49% |        2303      3.02%     87.51% |        2329      3.06%     90.57% |        2388      3.14%     93.71% |        2369      3.11%     96.82% |        2424      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        76144                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1767      3.02%      3.02% |        1800      3.07%      6.09% |        1819      3.11%      9.20% |        1799      3.07%     12.27% |        1776      3.03%     15.30% |        1869      3.19%     18.49% |        1855      3.17%     21.66% |        1852      3.16%     24.82% |        1879      3.21%     28.03% |        1869      3.19%     31.22% |        1905      3.25%     34.48% |        1858      3.17%     37.65% |        1841      3.14%     40.79% |        1886      3.22%     44.01% |        1864      3.18%     47.20% |        1837      3.14%     50.33% |        1860      3.18%     53.51% |        1866      3.19%     56.69% |        1894      3.23%     59.93% |        1819      3.11%     63.03% |        1794      3.06%     66.10% |        1851      3.16%     69.26% |        1826      3.12%     72.38% |        1820      3.11%     75.48% |        1781      3.04%     78.53% |        1794      3.06%     81.59% |        1799      3.07%     84.66% |        1751      2.99%     87.65% |        1765      3.01%     90.66% |        1816      3.10%     93.77% |        1785      3.05%     96.81% |        1866      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        58563                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      154956      5.62%      5.62% |       84909      3.08%      8.70% |       83560      3.03%     11.73% |       84340      3.06%     14.79% |       83894      3.04%     17.83% |       83283      3.02%     20.86% |       83545      3.03%     23.89% |       82962      3.01%     26.90% |       82974      3.01%     29.91% |       84032      3.05%     32.95% |       85221      3.09%     36.04% |       84204      3.05%     39.10% |       84426      3.06%     42.16% |       83003      3.01%     45.17% |       82452      2.99%     48.16% |       82727      3.00%     51.16% |       83655      3.03%     54.20% |       83108      3.01%     57.21% |       83742      3.04%     60.25% |       83911      3.04%     63.30% |       84074      3.05%     66.34% |       86000      3.12%     69.46% |       83980      3.05%     72.51% |       83264      3.02%     75.53% |       83609      3.03%     78.56% |       83826      3.04%     81.60% |       83579      3.03%     84.64% |       83347      3.02%     87.66% |       83804      3.04%     90.70% |       83197      3.02%     93.72% |       85946      3.12%     96.84% |       87243      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2756773                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         473      3.23%      3.23% |         418      2.86%      6.09% |         430      2.94%      9.03% |         423      2.89%     11.92% |         432      2.95%     14.87% |         410      2.80%     17.67% |         431      2.94%     20.61% |         477      3.26%     23.87% |         451      3.08%     26.95% |         439      3.00%     29.95% |         463      3.16%     33.12% |         462      3.16%     36.27% |         494      3.38%     39.65% |         474      3.24%     42.89% |         482      3.29%     46.18% |         474      3.24%     49.42% |         488      3.33%     52.75% |         490      3.35%     56.10% |         486      3.32%     59.42% |         454      3.10%     62.52% |         440      3.01%     65.53% |         469      3.20%     68.73% |         432      2.95%     71.69% |         435      2.97%     74.66% |         478      3.27%     77.92% |         503      3.44%     81.36% |         482      3.29%     84.65% |         433      2.96%     87.61% |         456      3.12%     90.73% |         465      3.18%     93.91% |         462      3.16%     97.06% |         430      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14636                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24708      4.23%      4.23% |       18081      3.10%      7.33% |       18111      3.10%     10.43% |       18056      3.09%     13.52% |       17984      3.08%     16.60% |       18053      3.09%     19.70% |       18024      3.09%     22.78% |       18059      3.09%     25.88% |       18043      3.09%     28.97% |       18062      3.09%     32.06% |       18105      3.10%     35.16% |       18029      3.09%     38.25% |       18022      3.09%     41.34% |       18050      3.09%     44.43% |       18035      3.09%     47.52% |       18007      3.08%     50.60% |       17999      3.08%     53.68% |       18009      3.08%     56.77% |       17994      3.08%     59.85% |       18010      3.08%     62.94% |       17994      3.08%     66.02% |       18088      3.10%     69.12% |       18070      3.10%     72.21% |       18019      3.09%     75.30% |       18031      3.09%     78.38% |       18010      3.08%     81.47% |       18034      3.09%     84.56% |       18020      3.09%     87.64% |       18064      3.09%     90.74% |       18048      3.09%     93.83% |       17973      3.08%     96.91% |       18050      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       583842                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       22000      3.13%      3.13% |       21947      3.12%      6.26% |       21948      3.12%      9.38% |       21957      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21956      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21948      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21957      3.13%     56.25% |       21955      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21971      3.13%     65.62% |       21983      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21961      3.13%     84.38% |       21944      3.12%     87.50% |       21944      3.12%     90.63% |       21947      3.12%     93.75% |       21958      3.13%     96.88% |       21939      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702484                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           3     21.43%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           2     14.29%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4326      3.10%      3.10% |        4188      3.00%      6.10% |        4222      3.02%      9.12% |        4272      3.06%     12.18% |        4241      3.04%     15.21% |        4412      3.16%     18.37% |        4198      3.01%     21.38% |        4302      3.08%     24.46% |        4460      3.19%     27.65% |        4494      3.22%     30.87% |        4415      3.16%     34.03% |        4562      3.27%     37.30% |        4339      3.11%     40.40% |        4440      3.18%     43.58% |        4327      3.10%     46.68% |        4286      3.07%     49.75% |        4519      3.24%     52.98% |        4593      3.29%     56.27% |        4543      3.25%     59.52% |        4396      3.15%     62.67% |        4333      3.10%     65.77% |        4417      3.16%     68.94% |        4422      3.17%     72.10% |        4402      3.15%     75.25% |        4329      3.10%     78.35% |        4376      3.13%     81.49% |        4328      3.10%     84.59% |        4205      3.01%     87.60% |        4284      3.07%     90.66% |        4335      3.10%     93.77% |        4286      3.07%     96.84% |        4419      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       139671                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           4      1.43%      1.43% |          10      3.58%      5.02% |           2      0.72%      5.73% |           8      2.87%      8.60% |           1      0.36%      8.96% |           6      2.15%     11.11% |           6      2.15%     13.26% |          10      3.58%     16.85% |           5      1.79%     18.64% |          11      3.94%     22.58% |           7      2.51%     25.09% |          13      4.66%     29.75% |           7      2.51%     32.26% |          10      3.58%     35.84% |          11      3.94%     39.78% |          10      3.58%     43.37% |           3      1.08%     44.44% |          12      4.30%     48.75% |           9      3.23%     51.97% |          12      4.30%     56.27% |          11      3.94%     60.22% |           6      2.15%     62.37% |          13      4.66%     67.03% |          10      3.58%     70.61% |          14      5.02%     75.63% |          13      4.66%     80.29% |          12      4.30%     84.59% |          14      5.02%     89.61% |           7      2.51%     92.11% |           5      1.79%     93.91% |           9      3.23%     97.13% |           8      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          279                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2274      3.11%      3.11% |        2241      3.06%      6.17% |        2257      3.09%      9.26% |        2261      3.09%     12.35% |        2221      3.04%     15.38% |        2259      3.09%     18.47% |        2270      3.10%     21.58% |        2329      3.18%     24.76% |        2336      3.19%     27.95% |        2285      3.12%     31.08% |        2340      3.20%     34.28% |        2308      3.16%     37.43% |        2313      3.16%     40.59% |        2312      3.16%     43.75% |        2314      3.16%     46.92% |        2280      3.12%     50.03% |        2341      3.20%     53.23% |        2346      3.21%     56.44% |        2362      3.23%     59.67% |        2256      3.08%     62.75% |        2214      3.03%     65.78% |        2301      3.15%     68.92% |        2257      3.09%     72.01% |        2239      3.06%     75.07% |        2274      3.11%     78.18% |        2324      3.18%     81.36% |        2305      3.15%     84.51% |        2212      3.02%     87.53% |        2237      3.06%     90.59% |        2304      3.15%     93.74% |        2272      3.11%     96.84% |        2308      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        73152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       87704      8.03%      8.03% |       33272      3.05%     11.08% |       32187      2.95%     14.03% |       32843      3.01%     17.04% |       32583      2.98%     20.02% |       32015      2.93%     22.96% |       31992      2.93%     25.89% |       31701      2.90%     28.79% |       31631      2.90%     31.69% |       31994      2.93%     34.62% |       33897      3.11%     37.72% |       32954      3.02%     40.74% |       32827      3.01%     43.75% |       31853      2.92%     46.67% |       31289      2.87%     49.53% |       31559      2.89%     52.43% |       32414      2.97%     55.39% |       31887      2.92%     58.32% |       32165      2.95%     61.26% |       32378      2.97%     64.23% |       32674      2.99%     67.22% |       33395      3.06%     70.28% |       32519      2.98%     73.26% |       31748      2.91%     76.17% |       32144      2.94%     79.11% |       32384      2.97%     82.08% |       31987      2.93%     85.01% |       31857      2.92%     87.93% |       32379      2.97%     90.89% |       31762      2.91%     93.80% |       32466      2.97%     96.78% |       35192      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1091652                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       19840      5.56%      5.56% |       10903      3.06%      8.62% |       10583      2.97%     11.59% |       10766      3.02%     14.60% |       10708      3.00%     17.61% |       10548      2.96%     20.56% |       10876      3.05%     23.61% |       10588      2.97%     26.58% |       10661      2.99%     29.57% |       11349      3.18%     32.75% |       10603      2.97%     35.72% |       10579      2.97%     38.69% |       10962      3.07%     41.76% |       10489      2.94%     44.70% |       10496      2.94%     47.65% |       10569      2.96%     50.61% |       10621      2.98%     53.59% |       10614      2.98%     56.56% |       10921      3.06%     59.62% |       10880      3.05%     62.67% |       10767      3.02%     65.69% |       11876      3.33%     69.02% |       10742      3.01%     72.03% |       10829      3.04%     75.07% |       10775      3.02%     78.09% |       10802      3.03%     81.12% |       10878      3.05%     84.17% |       10825      3.03%     87.20% |       10716      3.00%     90.21% |       10746      3.01%     93.22% |       12862      3.61%     96.82% |       11328      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       356702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28169      4.02%      4.02% |       21654      3.09%      7.12% |       21670      3.10%     10.21% |       21670      3.10%     13.31% |       21651      3.09%     16.40% |       21649      3.09%     19.50% |       21664      3.10%     22.59% |       21659      3.09%     25.69% |       21681      3.10%     28.79% |       21674      3.10%     31.88% |       21678      3.10%     34.98% |       21677      3.10%     38.08% |       21654      3.09%     41.17% |       21674      3.10%     44.27% |       21646      3.09%     47.36% |       21654      3.09%     50.45% |       21679      3.10%     53.55% |       21661      3.09%     56.65% |       21675      3.10%     59.74% |       21670      3.10%     62.84% |       21659      3.09%     65.93% |       21685      3.10%     69.03% |       21672      3.10%     72.13% |       21678      3.10%     75.23% |       21686      3.10%     78.33% |       21675      3.10%     81.42% |       21693      3.10%     84.52% |       21673      3.10%     87.62% |       21678      3.10%     90.72% |       21666      3.10%     93.81% |       21669      3.10%     96.91% |       21645      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       699888                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15489      3.16%      3.16% |       15386      3.14%      6.29% |       15395      3.14%      9.43% |       15349      3.13%     12.56% |       15347      3.13%     15.69% |       15346      3.13%     18.82% |       15324      3.12%     21.95% |       15318      3.12%     25.07% |       15276      3.11%     28.18% |       15324      3.12%     31.31% |       15286      3.12%     34.42% |       15300      3.12%     37.54% |       15326      3.12%     40.67% |       15322      3.12%     43.79% |       15333      3.13%     46.92% |       15311      3.12%     50.04% |       15257      3.11%     53.15% |       15278      3.11%     56.27% |       15241      3.11%     59.37% |       15326      3.12%     62.50% |       15356      3.13%     65.63% |       15323      3.12%     68.75% |       15331      3.13%     71.88% |       15333      3.13%     75.00% |       15340      3.13%     78.13% |       15304      3.12%     81.25% |       15326      3.12%     84.38% |       15356      3.13%     87.51% |       15387      3.14%     90.65% |       15334      3.13%     93.77% |       15276      3.11%     96.89% |       15272      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       490472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1767      3.02%      3.02% |        1800      3.07%      6.09% |        1819      3.11%      9.20% |        1799      3.07%     12.27% |        1776      3.03%     15.30% |        1869      3.19%     18.49% |        1855      3.17%     21.66% |        1852      3.16%     24.82% |        1879      3.21%     28.03% |        1869      3.19%     31.22% |        1905      3.25%     34.48% |        1858      3.17%     37.65% |        1841      3.14%     40.79% |        1886      3.22%     44.01% |        1864      3.18%     47.20% |        1837      3.14%     50.33% |        1860      3.18%     53.51% |        1866      3.19%     56.69% |        1894      3.23%     59.93% |        1819      3.11%     63.03% |        1794      3.06%     66.10% |        1851      3.16%     69.26% |        1826      3.12%     72.38% |        1820      3.11%     75.48% |        1781      3.04%     78.53% |        1794      3.06%     81.59% |        1799      3.07%     84.66% |        1751      2.99%     87.65% |        1765      3.01%     90.66% |        1816      3.10%     93.77% |        1785      3.05%     96.81% |        1866      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        58563                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         770      3.12%      3.12% |         768      3.11%      6.22% |         793      3.21%      9.43% |         806      3.26%     12.70% |         747      3.02%     15.72% |         770      3.12%     18.84% |         765      3.10%     21.93% |         759      3.07%     25.00% |         777      3.14%     28.15% |         755      3.06%     31.20% |         763      3.09%     34.29% |         792      3.21%     37.50% |         763      3.09%     40.59% |         756      3.06%     43.65% |         783      3.17%     46.81% |         763      3.09%     49.90% |         787      3.19%     53.09% |         756      3.06%     56.15% |         797      3.23%     59.37% |         787      3.19%     62.56% |         758      3.07%     65.63% |         748      3.03%     68.65% |         792      3.21%     71.86% |         785      3.18%     75.04% |         776      3.14%     78.18% |         769      3.11%     81.29% |         793      3.21%     84.50% |         775      3.14%     87.64% |         761      3.08%     90.72% |         760      3.08%     93.79% |         750      3.04%     96.83% |         784      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        24708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      152108      5.70%      5.70% |       82115      3.08%      8.78% |       80718      3.03%     11.81% |       81511      3.06%     14.87% |       81167      3.04%     17.91% |       80418      3.02%     20.93% |       80717      3.03%     23.96% |       80116      3.00%     26.96% |       80098      3.00%     29.97% |       81186      3.04%     33.01% |       82297      3.09%     36.10% |       81319      3.05%     39.15% |       81591      3.06%     42.21% |       80145      3.01%     45.21% |       79588      2.99%     48.20% |       79892      3.00%     51.20% |       80796      3.03%     54.23% |       80274      3.01%     57.24% |       80851      3.03%     60.27% |       81086      3.04%     63.31% |       81297      3.05%     66.36% |       83124      3.12%     69.48% |       81126      3.04%     72.52% |       80455      3.02%     75.54% |       80826      3.03%     78.57% |       81062      3.04%     81.61% |       80776      3.03%     84.64% |       80602      3.02%     87.66% |       81053      3.04%     90.70% |       80405      3.02%     93.72% |       83176      3.12%     96.84% |       84341      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2666236                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           1      6.67%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           1      6.67%     20.00% |           2     13.33%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1      6.67%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           2     13.33%     60.00% |           1      6.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     13.33%     80.00% |           1      6.67%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          14      2.23%      2.23% |          18      2.87%      5.10% |          22      3.51%      8.61% |          21      3.35%     11.96% |          15      2.39%     14.35% |          21      3.35%     17.70% |          15      2.39%     20.10% |          26      4.15%     24.24% |          15      2.39%     26.63% |          19      3.03%     29.67% |          26      4.15%     33.81% |          17      2.71%     36.52% |          19      3.03%     39.55% |          12      1.91%     41.47% |          16      2.55%     44.02% |          21      3.35%     47.37% |          21      3.35%     50.72% |          23      3.67%     54.39% |          15      2.39%     56.78% |          20      3.19%     59.97% |          24      3.83%     63.80% |          27      4.31%     68.10% |          31      4.94%     73.05% |          21      3.35%     76.40% |          20      3.19%     79.59% |          18      2.87%     82.46% |          17      2.71%     85.17% |          12      1.91%     87.08% |          23      3.67%     90.75% |          13      2.07%     92.82% |          20      3.19%     96.01% |          25      3.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          627                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         124      3.79%      3.79% |          97      2.96%      6.75% |          98      2.99%      9.74% |          88      2.69%     12.43% |          77      2.35%     14.78% |          92      2.81%     17.59% |          86      2.63%     20.21% |         101      3.08%     23.30% |          96      2.93%     26.23% |         105      3.21%     29.44% |         130      3.97%     33.40% |         107      3.27%     36.67% |         106      3.24%     39.91% |         102      3.11%     43.02% |         103      3.15%     46.17% |         111      3.39%     49.56% |          94      2.87%     52.43% |         102      3.11%     55.54% |          95      2.90%     58.44% |          96      2.93%     61.37% |         106      3.24%     64.61% |         157      4.79%     69.40% |         109      3.33%     72.73% |          88      2.69%     75.42% |         102      3.11%     78.53% |          92      2.81%     81.34% |          90      2.75%     84.09% |          99      3.02%     87.11% |          94      2.87%     89.98% |          97      2.96%     92.95% |         110      3.36%     96.31% |         121      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         3275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     37.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |          14     21.88%     59.38% |          13     20.31%     79.69% |          13     20.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           64                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.88%      0.88% |           0      0.00%      0.88% |           0      0.00%      0.88% |           1      0.88%      1.75% |           0      0.00%      1.75% |           0      0.00%      1.75% |           0      0.00%      1.75% |           0      0.00%      1.75% |          26     22.81%     24.56% |           0      0.00%     24.56% |           1      0.88%     25.44% |           0      0.00%     25.44% |           3      2.63%     28.07% |           1      0.88%     28.95% |           1      0.88%     29.82% |           1      0.88%     30.70% |           0      0.00%     30.70% |           1      0.88%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |          55     48.25%     79.82% |          13     11.40%     91.23% |           1      0.88%     92.11% |           2      1.75%     93.86% |           0      0.00%     93.86% |           4      3.51%     97.37% |           2      1.75%     99.12% |           0      0.00%     99.12% |           1      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46157      3.64%      3.64% |       39422      3.11%      6.75% |       39465      3.11%      9.86% |       39412      3.11%     12.97% |       39332      3.10%     16.07% |       39390      3.11%     19.18% |       39382      3.11%     22.28% |       39455      3.11%     25.39% |       39426      3.11%     28.50% |       39431      3.11%     31.61% |       39482      3.11%     34.72% |       39430      3.11%     37.83% |       39440      3.11%     40.94% |       39443      3.11%     44.05% |       39434      3.11%     47.16% |       39398      3.11%     50.27% |       39413      3.11%     53.38% |       39432      3.11%     56.49% |       39411      3.11%     59.59% |       39390      3.11%     62.70% |       39381      3.11%     65.80% |       39516      3.12%     68.92% |       39422      3.11%     72.03% |       39380      3.11%     75.13% |       39445      3.11%     78.24% |       39439      3.11%     81.35% |       39453      3.11%     84.47% |       39372      3.10%     87.57% |       39440      3.11%     90.68% |       39436      3.11%     93.79% |       39369      3.10%     96.89% |       39395      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1268193                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           3     30.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          65     10.19%     10.19% |          16      2.51%     12.70% |          21      3.29%     15.99% |          20      3.13%     19.12% |          14      2.19%     21.32% |          19      2.98%     24.29% |          14      2.19%     26.49% |          25      3.92%     30.41% |          13      2.04%     32.45% |          18      2.82%     35.27% |          23      3.61%     38.87% |          17      2.66%     41.54% |          19      2.98%     44.51% |          12      1.88%     46.39% |          16      2.51%     48.90% |          21      3.29%     52.19% |          21      3.29%     55.49% |          22      3.45%     58.93% |          14      2.19%     61.13% |          20      3.13%     64.26% |          23      3.61%     67.87% |          23      3.61%     71.47% |          28      4.39%     75.86% |          21      3.29%     79.15% |          19      2.98%     82.13% |          17      2.66%     84.80% |          16      2.51%     87.30% |          10      1.57%     88.87% |          20      3.13%     92.01% |          11      1.72%     93.73% |          19      2.98%     96.71% |          21      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          638                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.98%      6.98% |           2      4.65%     11.63% |           1      2.33%     13.95% |           1      2.33%     16.28% |           1      2.33%     18.60% |           2      4.65%     23.26% |           1      2.33%     25.58% |           1      2.33%     27.91% |           2      4.65%     32.56% |           1      2.33%     34.88% |           3      6.98%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           1      2.33%     44.19% |           1      2.33%     46.51% |           0      0.00%     46.51% |           1      2.33%     48.84% |           4      9.30%     58.14% |           3      6.98%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           1      2.33%     67.44% |           1      2.33%     69.77% |           1      2.33%     72.09% |           2      4.65%     76.74% |           3      6.98%     83.72% |           2      4.65%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           4      9.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           3     17.65%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |          13     76.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |          18     90.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          15      4.40%      4.40% |          14      4.11%      8.50% |          18      5.28%     13.78% |          12      3.52%     17.30% |           5      1.47%     18.77% |           6      1.76%     20.53% |           5      1.47%     21.99% |           8      2.35%     24.34% |          11      3.23%     27.57% |           7      2.05%     29.62% |          10      2.93%     32.55% |           6      1.76%     34.31% |           8      2.35%     36.66% |           3      0.88%     37.54% |           8      2.35%     39.88% |           8      2.35%     42.23% |           6      1.76%     43.99% |          10      2.93%     46.92% |          12      3.52%     50.44% |          12      3.52%     53.96% |          29      8.50%     62.46% |          35     10.26%     72.73% |           4      1.17%     73.90% |           7      2.05%     75.95% |          11      3.23%     79.18% |          11      3.23%     82.40% |           6      1.76%     84.16% |          10      2.93%     87.10% |           5      1.47%     88.56% |          15      4.40%     92.96% |          14      4.11%     97.07% |          10      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          341                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         108      3.68%      3.68% |          83      2.83%      6.52% |          80      2.73%      9.25% |          76      2.59%     11.84% |          71      2.42%     14.26% |          86      2.93%     17.20% |          81      2.76%     19.96% |          93      3.17%     23.13% |          85      2.90%     26.03% |          98      3.34%     29.38% |         120      4.09%     33.47% |         101      3.45%     36.92% |          98      3.34%     40.26% |          99      3.38%     43.64% |          95      3.24%     46.88% |         103      3.51%     50.39% |          88      3.00%     53.39% |          92      3.14%     56.53% |          83      2.83%     59.37% |          84      2.87%     62.23% |          77      2.63%     64.86% |         122      4.16%     69.02% |         105      3.58%     72.60% |          81      2.76%     75.37% |          90      3.07%     78.44% |          81      2.76%     81.20% |          84      2.87%     84.07% |          89      3.04%     87.10% |          89      3.04%     90.14% |          82      2.80%     92.94% |          96      3.28%     96.21% |         111      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2620      3.13%      3.13% |        2629      3.14%      6.28% |        2608      3.12%      9.40% |        2665      3.19%     12.58% |        2555      3.06%     15.64% |        2622      3.14%     18.77% |        2552      3.05%     21.83% |        2652      3.17%     25.00% |        2679      3.20%     28.20% |        2616      3.13%     31.33% |        2599      3.11%     34.44% |        2676      3.20%     37.64% |        2530      3.03%     40.66% |        2585      3.09%     43.75% |        2515      3.01%     46.76% |        2583      3.09%     49.85% |        2621      3.13%     52.98% |        2631      3.15%     56.13% |        2620      3.13%     59.26% |        2614      3.13%     62.39% |        2498      2.99%     65.38% |        2610      3.12%     68.50% |        2625      3.14%     71.64% |        2644      3.16%     74.80% |        2599      3.11%     77.91% |        2653      3.17%     81.08% |        2621      3.13%     84.21% |        2582      3.09%     87.30% |        2585      3.09%     90.39% |        2664      3.19%     93.58% |        2644      3.16%     96.74% |        2727      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        83624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2274      3.11%      3.11% |        2241      3.06%      6.17% |        2257      3.09%      9.26% |        2261      3.09%     12.35% |        2221      3.04%     15.38% |        2259      3.09%     18.47% |        2270      3.10%     21.58% |        2329      3.18%     24.76% |        2336      3.19%     27.95% |        2285      3.12%     31.08% |        2340      3.20%     34.28% |        2308      3.16%     37.43% |        2313      3.16%     40.59% |        2312      3.16%     43.75% |        2314      3.16%     46.92% |        2280      3.12%     50.03% |        2341      3.20%     53.23% |        2346      3.21%     56.44% |        2362      3.23%     59.67% |        2256      3.08%     62.75% |        2214      3.03%     65.78% |        2301      3.15%     68.92% |        2257      3.09%     72.01% |        2239      3.06%     75.07% |        2274      3.11%     78.18% |        2324      3.18%     81.36% |        2305      3.15%     84.51% |        2212      3.02%     87.53% |        2237      3.06%     90.59% |        2304      3.15%     93.74% |        2272      3.11%     96.84% |        2308      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        73152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          68      2.56%      2.56% |          66      2.48%      5.04% |          68      2.56%      7.59% |          93      3.49%     11.09% |          69      2.59%     13.68% |          54      2.03%     15.71% |          63      2.37%     18.08% |          88      3.31%     21.38% |          94      3.53%     24.92% |          83      3.12%     28.03% |          86      3.23%     31.27% |         113      4.25%     35.51% |         100      3.76%     39.27% |          88      3.31%     42.58% |          97      3.65%     46.22% |         112      4.21%     50.43% |         116      4.36%     54.79% |         115      4.32%     59.11% |          99      3.72%     62.83% |          96      3.61%     66.44% |          90      3.38%     69.82% |          90      3.38%     73.21% |          87      3.27%     76.48% |          67      2.52%     78.99% |          78      2.93%     81.92% |          89      3.34%     85.27% |          75      2.82%     88.09% |          75      2.82%     90.91% |          62      2.33%     93.24% |          66      2.48%     95.72% |          64      2.41%     98.12% |          50      1.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         2661                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24640      4.24%      4.24% |       18015      3.10%      7.34% |       18043      3.10%     10.44% |       17963      3.09%     13.53% |       17915      3.08%     16.62% |       17999      3.10%     19.71% |       17961      3.09%     22.80% |       17971      3.09%     25.90% |       17949      3.09%     28.99% |       17979      3.09%     32.08% |       18019      3.10%     35.18% |       17916      3.08%     38.26% |       17922      3.08%     41.35% |       17962      3.09%     44.44% |       17938      3.09%     47.52% |       17895      3.08%     50.60% |       17883      3.08%     53.68% |       17894      3.08%     56.76% |       17895      3.08%     59.84% |       17914      3.08%     62.92% |       17904      3.08%     66.00% |       17998      3.10%     69.10% |       17983      3.09%     72.19% |       17952      3.09%     75.28% |       17953      3.09%     78.37% |       17921      3.08%     81.45% |       17959      3.09%     84.54% |       17945      3.09%     87.63% |       18002      3.10%     90.73% |       17982      3.09%     93.82% |       17909      3.08%     96.90% |       18000      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       581181                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         541      3.13%      3.13% |         484      2.80%      5.93% |         498      2.88%      8.81% |         516      2.98%     11.79% |         501      2.90%     14.69% |         464      2.68%     17.37% |         494      2.86%     20.22% |         565      3.27%     23.49% |         545      3.15%     26.64% |         522      3.02%     29.66% |         549      3.17%     32.83% |         575      3.32%     36.16% |         594      3.43%     39.59% |         562      3.25%     42.84% |         579      3.35%     46.19% |         586      3.39%     49.58% |         604      3.49%     53.07% |         605      3.50%     56.57% |         585      3.38%     59.95% |         550      3.18%     63.13% |         530      3.06%     66.19% |         559      3.23%     69.43% |         519      3.00%     72.43% |         502      2.90%     75.33% |         556      3.21%     78.54% |         592      3.42%     81.97% |         557      3.22%     85.19% |         507      2.93%     88.12% |         518      2.99%     91.11% |         531      3.07%     94.18% |         526      3.04%     97.22% |         480      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        17296                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2      2.47%      2.47% |           1      1.23%      3.70% |           5      6.17%      9.88% |           0      0.00%      9.88% |           2      2.47%     12.35% |           0      0.00%     12.35% |           6      7.41%     19.75% |           2      2.47%     22.22% |           1      1.23%     23.46% |           1      1.23%     24.69% |           1      1.23%     25.93% |           0      0.00%     25.93% |           2      2.47%     28.40% |           2      2.47%     30.86% |           8      9.88%     40.74% |           6      7.41%     48.15% |           1      1.23%     49.38% |           3      3.70%     53.09% |           1      1.23%     54.32% |           1      1.23%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2      2.47%     58.02% |           6      7.41%     65.43% |           4      4.94%     70.37% |           3      3.70%     74.07% |           1      1.23%     75.31% |           2      2.47%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           7      8.64%     88.89% |           9     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       22000      3.13%      3.13% |       21947      3.12%      6.26% |       21948      3.12%      9.38% |       21957      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21956      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21948      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21957      3.13%     56.25% |       21955      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21971      3.13%     65.62% |       21983      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21961      3.13%     84.38% |       21944      3.12%     87.50% |       21944      3.12%     90.63% |       21947      3.12%     93.75% |       21958      3.13%     96.88% |       21939      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702484                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          89      3.34%      3.34% |          64      2.40%      5.74% |          74      2.78%      8.51% |          62      2.33%     10.84% |          87      3.26%     14.10% |         102      3.83%     17.93% |          91      3.41%     21.34% |          67      2.51%     23.86% |          73      2.74%     26.59% |          55      2.06%     28.66% |          83      3.11%     31.77% |          87      3.26%     35.03% |          92      3.45%     38.48% |         103      3.86%     42.35% |         106      3.98%     46.32% |         107      4.01%     50.34% |          69      2.59%     52.93% |          72      2.70%     55.63% |          92      3.45%     59.08% |          91      3.41%     62.49% |          85      3.19%     65.68% |          84      3.15%     68.83% |         110      4.13%     72.96% |         119      4.46%     77.42% |          89      3.34%     80.76% |          69      2.59%     83.35% |          84      3.15%     86.50% |          67      2.51%     89.01% |          72      2.70%     91.71% |          77      2.89%     94.60% |          73      2.74%     97.34% |          71      2.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           2     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     22.22%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           3     15.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      154954      5.62%      5.62% |       84905      3.08%      8.70% |       83554      3.03%     11.73% |       84335      3.06%     14.79% |       83893      3.04%     17.83% |       83283      3.02%     20.86% |       83545      3.03%     23.89% |       82962      3.01%     26.90% |       82974      3.01%     29.91% |       84031      3.05%     32.95% |       85220      3.09%     36.04% |       84204      3.05%     39.10% |       84422      3.06%     42.16% |       83003      3.01%     45.17% |       82447      2.99%     48.16% |       82727      3.00%     51.16% |       83655      3.03%     54.20% |       83108      3.01%     57.21% |       83733      3.04%     60.25% |       83909      3.04%     63.29% |       84074      3.05%     66.34% |       86000      3.12%     69.46% |       83980      3.05%     72.51% |       83264      3.02%     75.53% |       83608      3.03%     78.56% |       83826      3.04%     81.60% |       83578      3.03%     84.64% |       83346      3.02%     87.66% |       83802      3.04%     90.70% |       83197      3.02%     93.72% |       85945      3.12%     96.84% |       87243      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2756727                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.23%      3.23% |           0      0.00%      3.23% |           2      6.45%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           2      6.45%     16.13% |           2      6.45%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           1      3.23%     25.81% |           1      3.23%     29.03% |           0      0.00%     29.03% |           1      3.23%     32.26% |           1      3.23%     35.48% |           2      6.45%     41.94% |           1      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           1      3.23%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           1      3.23%     51.61% |           1      3.23%     54.84% |           1      3.23%     58.06% |           1      3.23%     61.29% |           1      3.23%     64.52% |           0      0.00%     64.52% |           2      6.45%     70.97% |           0      0.00%     70.97% |           2      6.45%     77.42% |           1      3.23%     80.65% |           2      6.45%     87.10% |           3      9.68%     96.77% |           1      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           3      1.27%      1.27% |           7      2.97%      4.24% |           2      0.85%      5.08% |           8      3.39%      8.47% |           1      0.42%      8.90% |           6      2.54%     11.44% |           3      1.27%     12.71% |           9      3.81%     16.53% |           4      1.69%     18.22% |           9      3.81%     22.03% |           6      2.54%     24.58% |          11      4.66%     29.24% |           7      2.97%     32.20% |          10      4.24%     36.44% |          10      4.24%     40.68% |           8      3.39%     44.07% |           3      1.27%     45.34% |           7      2.97%     48.31% |           8      3.39%     51.69% |           8      3.39%     55.08% |          11      4.66%     59.75% |           6      2.54%     62.29% |          11      4.66%     66.95% |           9      3.81%     70.76% |          12      5.08%     75.85% |          11      4.66%     80.51% |          10      4.24%     84.75% |          12      5.08%     89.83% |           7      2.97%     92.80% |           4      1.69%     94.49% |           8      3.39%     97.88% |           5      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          236                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1744      3.06%      3.06% |        1776      3.11%      6.17% |        1781      3.12%      9.30% |        1755      3.08%     12.37% |        1738      3.05%     15.42% |        1812      3.18%     18.60% |        1798      3.15%     21.75% |        1795      3.15%     24.90% |        1789      3.14%     28.04% |        1810      3.17%     31.21% |        1851      3.25%     34.46% |        1811      3.18%     37.64% |        1795      3.15%     40.78% |        1815      3.18%     43.97% |        1806      3.17%     47.14% |        1817      3.19%     50.32% |        1804      3.16%     53.49% |        1810      3.17%     56.66% |        1843      3.23%     59.89% |        1776      3.11%     63.01% |        1700      2.98%     65.99% |        1800      3.16%     69.15% |        1784      3.13%     72.27% |        1780      3.12%     75.40% |        1758      3.08%     78.48% |        1766      3.10%     81.58% |        1760      3.09%     84.66% |        1696      2.97%     87.64% |        1742      3.06%     90.69% |        1763      3.09%     93.78% |        1752      3.07%     96.86% |        1792      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        57019                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          23      1.49%      1.49% |          24      1.56%      3.05% |          38      2.46%      5.51% |          44      2.85%      8.37% |          38      2.46%     10.83% |          57      3.70%     14.53% |          57      3.70%     18.22% |          57      3.70%     21.92% |          90      5.84%     27.76% |          59      3.83%     31.58% |          54      3.50%     35.08% |          47      3.05%     38.13% |          46      2.98%     41.12% |          71      4.60%     45.72% |          58      3.76%     49.48% |          20      1.30%     50.78% |          56      3.63%     54.41% |          56      3.63%     58.04% |          51      3.31%     61.35% |          43      2.79%     64.14% |          94      6.10%     70.23% |          51      3.31%     73.54% |          42      2.72%     76.26% |          40      2.59%     78.86% |          23      1.49%     80.35% |          26      1.69%     82.04% |          39      2.53%     84.57% |          55      3.57%     88.13% |          23      1.49%     89.62% |          53      3.44%     93.06% |          33      2.14%     95.20% |          74      4.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         1542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          23      1.49%      1.49% |          24      1.56%      3.05% |          38      2.46%      5.51% |          44      2.85%      8.37% |          38      2.46%     10.83% |          57      3.70%     14.53% |          57      3.70%     18.22% |          57      3.70%     21.92% |          90      5.84%     27.76% |          59      3.83%     31.58% |          54      3.50%     35.08% |          47      3.05%     38.13% |          46      2.98%     41.12% |          71      4.60%     45.72% |          58      3.76%     49.48% |          20      1.30%     50.78% |          56      3.63%     54.41% |          56      3.63%     58.04% |          51      3.31%     61.35% |          43      2.79%     64.14% |          94      6.10%     70.23% |          51      3.31%     73.54% |          42      2.72%     76.26% |          40      2.59%     78.86% |          23      1.49%     80.35% |          26      1.69%     82.04% |          39      2.53%     84.57% |          55      3.57%     88.13% |          23      1.49%     89.62% |          53      3.44%     93.06% |          33      2.14%     95.20% |          74      4.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         1542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           1      5.26%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           1      5.26%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           2     10.53%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           2     10.53%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           2     10.53%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1744      3.06%      3.06% |        1776      3.11%      6.17% |        1781      3.12%      9.30% |        1755      3.08%     12.37% |        1738      3.05%     15.42% |        1812      3.18%     18.60% |        1798      3.15%     21.75% |        1795      3.15%     24.90% |        1789      3.14%     28.04% |        1810      3.17%     31.21% |        1851      3.25%     34.46% |        1811      3.18%     37.64% |        1795      3.15%     40.78% |        1815      3.18%     43.97% |        1806      3.17%     47.13% |        1817      3.19%     50.32% |        1804      3.16%     53.48% |        1810      3.17%     56.66% |        1843      3.23%     59.89% |        1776      3.11%     63.00% |        1700      2.98%     65.99% |        1800      3.16%     69.14% |        1784      3.13%     72.27% |        1780      3.12%     75.39% |        1758      3.08%     78.48% |        1768      3.10%     81.58% |        1760      3.09%     84.66% |        1696      2.97%     87.64% |        1742      3.06%     90.69% |        1763      3.09%     93.78% |        1752      3.07%     96.86% |        1792      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        57021                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |     1194957     24.33%     24.33% |     2455795     50.00%     74.33% |      111559      2.27%     76.60% |      128583      2.62%     79.22% |      133681      2.72%     81.94% |      138086      2.81%     84.75% |      167145      3.40%     88.15% |      164174      3.34%     91.50% |      210396      4.28%     95.78% |      207214      4.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      4911590                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |     1194957     24.33%     24.33% |     2455795     50.00%     74.33% |      111559      2.27%     76.60% |      128583      2.62%     79.22% |      133681      2.72%     81.94% |      138086      2.81%     84.75% |      167145      3.40%     88.15% |      164174      3.34%     91.50% |      210396      4.28%     95.78% |      207214      4.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      4911590                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |     1194957     24.33%     24.33% |     2455795     50.00%     74.33% |      111559      2.27%     76.60% |      128583      2.62%     79.22% |      133681      2.72%     81.94% |      138086      2.81%     84.75% |      167145      3.40%     88.15% |      164174      3.34%     91.50% |      210396      4.28%     95.78% |      207214      4.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      4911590                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |     1194957     24.33%     24.33% |     2455795     50.00%     74.33% |      111559      2.27%     76.60% |      128583      2.62%     79.22% |      133681      2.72%     81.94% |      138086      2.81%     84.75% |      167145      3.40%     88.15% |      164174      3.34%     91.50% |      210396      4.28%     95.78% |      207214      4.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      4911590                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
