
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056733                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56733234000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5232901312500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30284                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    53709                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               75945118                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3580644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   747.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22623189                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40122204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12638272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12638272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8044224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8044224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125691                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125691                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    222766642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            222766642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141790331                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           141790331                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    364556972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           364556972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197473                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125691                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197473                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125691                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12636544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8044160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12638272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8044224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             8011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    71652                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     6527                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56732722500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197473                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125691                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  68915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 75101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  18330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  19183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  19680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  20068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   9445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  13828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        82894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   249.472145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.660845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   219.975657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25113     30.30%     30.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21052     25.40%     55.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21754     26.24%     81.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5116      6.17%     88.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3617      4.36%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1938      2.34%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1214      1.46%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          845      1.02%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2245      2.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        82894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.225141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.134416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17581     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.145943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.485649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.591666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12629     71.80%     71.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2079     11.82%     83.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1738      9.88%     93.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1143      6.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 32585708834                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            36287821334                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 987230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   165036.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              183786.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      222.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      141.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   222.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   141.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.60                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  155362                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  84870                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    175553.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11626461750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43210080750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              316060920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              310595040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              172453875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              169471500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             768112800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771864600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            407002320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407436480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22312067175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21789687825                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14466544500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14924772000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42147609750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42079195605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          742.939352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.733411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12411328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12411328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7826752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7826752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    218766446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            218766446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137957092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137957092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    356723539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           356723539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193929                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122293                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193929                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122293                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12409472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7826688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12411456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7826752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    63932                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     6159                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56732602000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193929                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122293                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 67315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  17992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  18734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  19280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   8123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  13011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        75729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.207120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.598754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.783887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18784     24.80%     24.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20042     26.47%     51.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21788     28.77%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5230      6.91%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3684      4.86%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1823      2.41%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1252      1.65%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          781      1.03%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2345      3.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        75729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.350975                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.518513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17073     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        17081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.159534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.499090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.585084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12139     71.07%     71.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2173     12.72%     83.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1680      9.84%     93.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1089      6.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        17081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 30993937507                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34629525007                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   159846.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              178596.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      218.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   218.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  154132                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  86321                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    179407.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11892921250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42943610000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              289464840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              283016160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              157942125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              154423500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754977600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             757317600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396323280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396096480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22087033740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21530785275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14663935500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15151872750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42055045245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          41978879925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.307857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          739.965285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12411008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12411008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7827392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7827392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    218760806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            218760806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137968373                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137968373                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    356729179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           356729179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193922                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122303                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193922                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122303                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12409216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7827328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12411008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7827392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    62522                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     6494                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56733161500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193922                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122303                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 66330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  17876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  18618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  19218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  13361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        75513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.981619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.524107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.347452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18584     24.61%     24.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19726     26.12%     50.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22135     29.31%     80.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5178      6.86%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3720      4.93%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1833      2.43%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1211      1.60%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          796      1.05%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2330      3.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        75513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.351874                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.596394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17072     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        17080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.160539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.495867                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.601284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12127     71.00%     71.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2178     12.75%     83.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1665      9.75%     93.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1110      6.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        17080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 31013044534                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34648557034                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 969470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   159948.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              178698.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      218.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   218.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  154193                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  86483                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    179407.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11875556500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42961021000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              287990640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              282834720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              157137750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              154324500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755227200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             757052400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396245520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396239040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21839232510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21337465500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14881332750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15321479250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42022534530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          41954763570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.734184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.539581                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12391360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12391360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7825472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7825472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122273                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122273                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    218414483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            218414483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137934531                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137934531                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    356349014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           356349014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193615                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122273                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193615                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122273                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12390144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7825408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12391360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7825472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           12006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    57207                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     6176                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56732173000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193615                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122273                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  2895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 60926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  18020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  18772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  19304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  19653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  12904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        75225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   268.727684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.606326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.311856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18139     24.11%     24.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20109     26.73%     50.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21963     29.20%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5244      6.97%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3636      4.83%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1798      2.39%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1191      1.58%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          787      1.05%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2358      3.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        75225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.306623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.220269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17115     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        17122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.141222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.485601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.577886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12200     71.25%     71.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2208     12.90%     84.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1596      9.32%     93.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1118      6.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        17122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 30191210765                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            33821135765                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   155949.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              174699.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      218.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   218.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  153876                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  86762                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    179595.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11622631750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43214240250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              286448400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              282214800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              156296250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              153986250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             753277200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756693600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            396038160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396252000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21821348475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21102514920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14896992750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15527548500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42015769395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          41924578230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.615539                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          739.008104                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7052786                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 54.194137                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.048145                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               111.495926                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6723078     95.33%     95.33% |      188388      2.67%     98.00% |      106676      1.51%     99.51% |       33467      0.47%     99.98% |        1176      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7052786                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15848362                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.589472                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.695636                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.770431                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14414958     90.96%     90.96% |      912787      5.76%     96.72% |       21075      0.13%     96.85% |       20034      0.13%     96.97% |       26632      0.17%     97.14% |       42329      0.27%     97.41% |       78724      0.50%     97.91% |      148964      0.94%     98.85% |      182859      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15848362                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15848359                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              41.183289                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.189232                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            208.729444                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15648070     98.74%     98.74% |      167759      1.06%     99.79% |       29077      0.18%     99.98% |        3144      0.02%    100.00% |         261      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15848359                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14671141                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000369                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000316                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.019730                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14665858     99.96%     99.96% |        5187      0.04%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14671141                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177218                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        517.039934                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       268.409316                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       584.745525                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      976929     82.99%     82.99% |      167759     14.25%     97.24% |       29077      2.47%     99.71% |        3144      0.27%     99.97% |         261      0.02%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177218                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         109284                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       109284                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          324                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          255                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          293                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          244                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10940814                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509968                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11450782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3726162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3850258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       261422                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22333                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       110945                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529046                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47687                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          523                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68414                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        17166                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        17070                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        17310                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        17255                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          541                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67871                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68412                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        17245                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          523                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67886                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68409                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        17324                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        17535                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        17541                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53470                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27909                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81379                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24290                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36683                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36521                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24248                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9830                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9739                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24198                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10253                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10820                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35033                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24305                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33054                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10984                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35187                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16496                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24179                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34605                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10664                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24275                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34948                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24233                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34420                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35507                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12458                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11691                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24253                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39206                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18381                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24179                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33380                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9616                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8645                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8764                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9735                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24232                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33967                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10855                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24278                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9483726                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9483726                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9700759                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9483726                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4103652                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4090986                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9483726                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.083582                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4578309                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4578309                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4773234                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4578309                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2260418                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2246805                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4578308                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.040349                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3827389                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3827389                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4053742                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3827389                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1560163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1545769                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3827389                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033731                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3357636                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3357636                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3569795                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3357636                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1410197                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1398780                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3357636                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029591                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4017684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4017684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4267755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4017684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1939157                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1911480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4017684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.035409                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4035564                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4035564                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4273970                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4035564                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1906700                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1891888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4035564                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035566                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4697527                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4697527                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4972843                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4697527                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1796798                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1778219                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4697527                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3424681                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3424681                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3683676                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3424681                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1409064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1391749                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3424681                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030182                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2342067                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2342067                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2465809                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2342067                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1019804                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010455                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2342067                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020641                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2868473                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2868473                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3056206                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2868473                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1336100                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1320069                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2868473                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025280                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2040796                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2040796                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2120600                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2040796                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       827923                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821960                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2040796                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017986                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728698                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728698                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1748927                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728698                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694981                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694554                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728698                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015235                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2154368                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2154368                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2183135                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2154368                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       975158                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974436                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2154368                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018987                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1805161                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1805161                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1827777                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1805161                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733996                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733429                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1805161                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015909                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1074988                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1074988                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1095616                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1074988                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416652                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415708                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1074988                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009474                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1581645                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1581645                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1622872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1581645                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621451                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619781                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1581645                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013939                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2109908                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2109908                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2152719                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109908                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       775801                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773312                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2109908                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018595                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672129                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672129                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1717888                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672129                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       637756                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635025                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672129                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014737                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1632723                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1632723                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1694455                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1632723                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       652893                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649211                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1632723                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014389                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946260                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946260                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       963683                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946260                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       375078                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374332                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946260                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008340                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       918997                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       918997                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       922584                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       918997                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415258                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415197                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       918997                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008099                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153462                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153462                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1158961                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153462                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550885                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550466                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153462                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010166                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998236                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998236                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1003954                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998236                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440815                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998236                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008798                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626857                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626857                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626857                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626857                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258181                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258181                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626857                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005525                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       865855                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       865855                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       869348                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865855                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363565                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363527                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       865855                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007631                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079729                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079729                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1085318                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079729                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507707                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507321                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079729                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009516                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       985797                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       985797                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       991381                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985797                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428208                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428109                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       985797                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008688                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632346                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632346                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632346                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632346                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258874                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258874                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632346                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005573                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3893949                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3893949                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4217895                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3893949                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1607920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1601321                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3893949                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034318                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3836712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3836712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4064807                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3836712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1556975                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1549488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3836712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033814                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3869911                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3869911                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4167125                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3869911                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1547644                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538747                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3869911                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034106                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4019299                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4019299                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4289704                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4019299                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1628918                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1617479                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4019299                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035423                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5805236     27.50%     27.50% |    14236104     67.44%     94.95% |     1066964      5.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21108304                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5805236     27.50%     27.50% |    14236105     67.44%     94.95% |     1066964      5.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21108305                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   219103187                       |   358226969                       |    24551370                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   446267881                       |    57166727                       |     1066968                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.742339                       |   25.163273                       |   23.010495                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   76.873340                       |    4.015616                       |    1.000004                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.513969                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    23.900621                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         52.414590                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002958                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.064348      7.06%      7.06% |    0.064272      7.06%     14.12% |    0.062907      6.91%     21.02% |    0.062758      6.89%     27.91% |    0.154130     16.92%     44.83% |    0.150398     16.51%     61.34% |    0.153944     16.90%     78.24% |    0.150296     16.50%     94.74% |    0.011989      1.32%     96.05% |    0.011991      1.32%     97.37% |    0.011992      1.32%     98.68% |    0.011988      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.911011                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022656                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027619                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002871                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002875                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005369                       |    0.002840                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002802                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002683                       |    0.002637                       |    0.002648                       |    0.002698                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002831                       |    0.002735                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002670                       |    0.002694                       |    0.002783                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002755                       |    0.002767                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002739                       |    0.002733                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002769                       |    0.002837                       |    0.002862                       |    0.002961                       |    0.003143                       |    0.010428                       |    0.010238                       |    0.010237                       |    0.010221                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000484                       |    0.001450                       |    0.000120                       |    0.000129                       |    0.000120                       |    0.000128                       |    0.000120                       |    0.000130                       |    0.000106                       |    0.000113                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002822                       |    0.000218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002982                       |    0.002078                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002746                       |    0.000106                       |    0.003728                       |    0.007494                       |    0.002981                       |           0                       |    0.002893                       |    0.007686                       |           0                       |    0.007981                       |    0.011797                       |    0.003961                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002699                       |    0.000120                       |    0.008299                       |    0.007094                       |    0.011934                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002849                       |    0.000129                       |    0.011050                       |    0.007371                       |    0.004607                       |           0                       |    0.002880                       |    0.007503                       |           0                       |    0.011296                       |    0.007246                       |    0.004889                       |           0                       |    0.002777                       |           0                       |    0.005482                       |    0.003621                       |    0.003355                       |           0                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002080                       |           0                       |    0.003025                       |           0                       |    0.001389                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002695                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002742                       |    0.000113                       |    0.004000                       |    0.004567                       |    0.007626                       |    0.002647                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002708                       |    0.000120                       |    0.005260                       |    0.009565                       |    0.010360                       |    0.003809                       |    0.032536                       |    0.004551                       |    0.000484                       |    0.005239                       |    0.015078                       |    0.019910                       |    0.005784                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002872                       |    0.001450                       |    0.005397                       |    0.009349                       |    0.015522                       |    0.005757                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002712                       |    0.000128                       |    0.007860                       |    0.007866                       |    0.008544                       |    0.004871                       |           0                       |    0.002758                       |           0                       |    0.002507                       |    0.005455                       |    0.004328                       |    0.003938                       |           0                       |    0.002798                       |           0                       |    0.001262                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002705                       |           0                       |    0.002802                       |           0                       |    0.000465                       |    0.002739                       |    0.002792                       |           0                       |    0.002832                       |           0                       |    0.003944                       |    0.003364                       |    0.005122                       |    0.002725                       |           0                       |    0.002979                       |    0.007503                       |           0                       |    0.003084                       |    0.007976                       |    0.009822                       |    0.002743                       |    0.003584                       |    0.002685                       |    0.000120                       |    0.018467                       |    0.008285                       |    0.005441                       |    0.002818                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002713                       |    0.000130                       |    0.003676                       |    0.011141                       |    0.006185                       |    0.002753                       |           0                       |    0.003076                       |    0.007496                       |           0                       |    0.004015                       |    0.011537                       |    0.006519                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.001632                       |    0.005452                       |    0.003258                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |           0                       |    0.000358                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |    0.002792                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002733                       |           0                       |    0.002725                       |           0                       |    0.001793                       |           0                       |    0.004956                       |           0                       |    0.002743                       |           0                       |    0.003691                       |    0.001346                       |    0.006159                       |           0                       |    0.002818                       |           0                       |    0.009026                       |    0.003547                       |    0.003205                       |           0                       |    0.002753                       |           0                       |    0.001797                       |    0.006835                       |    0.003352                       |           0                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |    0.005551                       |    0.006059                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005524                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002769                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.911011                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5030537                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5030537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3440041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2813996                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.801234                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          350631                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30073                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9657644                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55064                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7839524                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103631                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9712708                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7943155                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17497168                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158695                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17655863                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3857300                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3866753                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3857300                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3866753                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                109905425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14576294                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29411250                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5030537                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3164627                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90320001                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       165590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       239657                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       324127                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3856667                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106112579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.509972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         95922969     90.40%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1546690      1.46%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           827853      0.78%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           758947      0.72%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           815693      0.77%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           861808      0.81%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           735626      0.69%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494335      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4148658      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106112579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045772                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267605                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9293910                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89061479                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4708729                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2705313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50443569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10428915                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51604009                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7431163                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6166682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30138662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49102998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2047715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51387443                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     120938130                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75219580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40950547                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10436866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18467797                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4916869                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8105659                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       621320                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       462388                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47861721                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       275297                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50568294                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215508                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12493988                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67858                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106112579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85871983     80.93%     80.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7465099      7.04%     87.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5388205      5.08%     93.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2388795      2.25%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2050027      1.93%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1509274      1.42%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878517      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342612      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218067      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106112579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106613     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680107     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90846     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235514      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32468233     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9803039     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7978428     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50568294                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.460107                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877566                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208342157                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55926565                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44480737                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51210303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       810052                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175272                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2685                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7744                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512532                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5760109                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4573760                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44963286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48137018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4916869                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8105659                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       266200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          72728                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816762                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7744                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224850                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       358995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50055130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9650607                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17499542                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3817071                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7848935                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.455438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44560719                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44480771                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24818336                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40272747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.404719                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.616256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005448                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       207439                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316633                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104835882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.197486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89177648     85.06%     85.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5556448      5.30%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5129731      4.89%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1969893      1.88%     97.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       968635      0.92%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       332079      0.32%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219239      0.21%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311429      0.30%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1170780      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104835882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22623188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40122201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11334711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3741592                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3443223                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39771615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       273727                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28595729     71.27%     71.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3741592      9.33%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7593119     18.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40122201                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1170780                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151704546                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97537379                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3792846                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22623188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40122201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.858087                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.858087                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.205842                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.205842                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78024701                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32498312                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19128571                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12897479                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25712737                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1454313500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1454313500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273363                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        85.712555                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       38.146618                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      157.301001                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2944208     89.94%     89.94% |      187839      5.74%     95.68% |      106672      3.26%     98.94% |       33467      1.02%     99.96% |        1176      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273363                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3763670                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.915815                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.453920                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.745888                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3738944     99.34%     99.34% |       19066      0.51%     99.85% |        3675      0.10%     99.95% |        1432      0.04%     99.99% |         364      0.01%     99.99% |         144      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3763670                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15753                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.160985                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.809153                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.283003                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         552      3.50%      3.50% |        1958     12.43%     15.93% |        7144     45.35%     61.28% |        3624     23.01%     84.29% |        2409     15.29%     99.58% |          56      0.36%     99.94% |           9      0.06%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15753                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3988453                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           76.572711                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.183677                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         295.773550                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3881194     97.31%     97.31% |       90498      2.27%     99.58% |       15017      0.38%     99.96% |        1588      0.04%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3988453                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3521906                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001010                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000871                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.031889                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3518358     99.90%     99.90% |        3543      0.10%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3521906                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466547                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     631.956444                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    321.122134                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    631.317555                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      359288     77.01%     77.01% |       90498     19.40%     96.41% |       15017      3.22%     99.63% |        1588      0.34%     99.97% |         136      0.03%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466547                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7841243                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           41.297461                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.217475                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         205.138957                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7748272     98.81%     98.81% |       77214      0.98%     99.80% |       14050      0.18%     99.98% |        1554      0.02%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7841243                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7266858                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000241                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000204                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.016708                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7265222     99.98%     99.98% |        1545      0.02%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7266858                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574385                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     525.816487                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    313.499985                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    566.718883                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      481414     83.81%     83.81% |       77214     13.44%     97.26% |       14050      2.45%     99.70% |        1554      0.27%     99.97% |         125      0.02%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574385                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3850256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.667114                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.328270                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      19.066394                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3849955     99.99%     99.99% |         244      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3850256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3726162                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3726155    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3726162                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124094                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.752309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.221655                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    68.205120                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123793     99.76%     99.76% |         244      0.20%     99.95% |          25      0.02%     99.97% |          20      0.02%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124094                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167087                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.763195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.854351                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      166547     99.68%     99.68% |         503      0.30%     99.98% |          33      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167087                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154929                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154837     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154929                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.938806                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.519955                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.047875                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       11618     95.56%     95.56% |         503      4.14%     99.70% |          33      0.27%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         9163                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1009911                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        45766                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     4103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     7639                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    14121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    35447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     4067                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     7821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    14120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    35399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     4104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7705                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   14088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   35351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    4061                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    7644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   13977                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   35467                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    4070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7657                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   14154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   35458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    4104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    7678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   14042                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   35470                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    4126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    7616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   14147                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   35299                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    4093                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7683                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   14023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   35356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    969                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   4265                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    787                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   1592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   4313                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  1624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  4361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   451                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   964                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1735                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  4245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  1558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  4254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  1670                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  4242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   386                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                   992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  1565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  4413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   419                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   925                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  1689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  4356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     6368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    14757                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     6316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    14838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     3377                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     3792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    6407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   14939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    3324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    3823                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    6469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   14696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    3386                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    3870                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    6327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   14836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    3360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    3826                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    6416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   14685                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    3464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    3940                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    6469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   15184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    3421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    3827                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    6520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   15082                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   98027                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  102104                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  243609                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  564448                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   92294                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  104209                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  238941                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  545631                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                   93968                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  105130                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 252702                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 568712                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                  91204                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                  97395                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 240475                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31368716                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               30921665                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               30927957                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31072367                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31396901                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30915899                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               30922371                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31073689                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31378771                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30929879                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30940629                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31078169                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31422867                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               30929111                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30938721                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               31083081                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31425838                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 3837                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 7733                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                21562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  170                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 7709                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                21470                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3869                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                7703                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               21443                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                3830                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                7573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               21586                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                7759                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               21535                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                7625                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               21504                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                3790                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                7710                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               21399                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                3854                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                7626                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               21494                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                483                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                875                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2598                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                417                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                899                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2690                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                451                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               905                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2717                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1035                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              2574                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               501                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               849                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              2625                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               495                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               983                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2656                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               530                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               898                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              2761                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               466                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               982                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses              2666                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                3934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3802                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                6388                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               13885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3897                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                3918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6411                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               13929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                3935                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3836                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               6385                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              13908                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3894                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               3814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               6404                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              13881                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               3904                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3838                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               6395                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              13923                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3938                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3853                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               6417                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              13966                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3957                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               3826                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               6437                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              13900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3927                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3829                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               6397                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              13862                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               386                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               716                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1667                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               423                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               370                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               693                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              1623                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               385                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               452                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              719                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             1644                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              426                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              474                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              700                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             1671                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              416                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              450                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              709                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             1629                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              382                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              687                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             1586                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              363                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              462                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              667                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             1652                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              393                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              459                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              707                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             1690                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 223663                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 317080                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 724762                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1471561                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 223279                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 322389                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 715053                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1490766                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 225384                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 325629                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                723779                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1478825                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                222338                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                317846                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                720725                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1418210                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                221047                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                313238                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                705673                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1448806                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                216925                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                319933                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                725064                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1412175                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                220864                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                325237                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                707489                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1483927                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                225080                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                326339                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                713631                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1469656                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 19230                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                139616                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                674547                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1382598                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 19252                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                158337                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                666730                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1399141                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 24105                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                133431                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               674629                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1383269                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                20512                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               130854                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               673768                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1330618                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                16208                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               135758                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               649409                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1353879                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                15583                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               133815                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               675296                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1319880                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                18157                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               139515                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               649880                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1386883                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                17836                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               145247                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               660508                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1374924                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             119266                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             444807                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             119814                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             415262                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             116365                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             447825                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            119343                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            452525                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            119949                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            447697                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            121412                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            442263                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            117648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            446883                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            120708                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            433094                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               400861                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               216067                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               404714                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               627703                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               405416                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               244925                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               400936                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               644916                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               399728                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               233893                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              411515                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              645032                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              398729                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              223630                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              392511                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              596817                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              392642                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              212507                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              425351                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              623424                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              400334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              231707                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              400775                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              605491                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              393083                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              228847                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              457792                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              661931                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              403927                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              250994                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              404135                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              645610                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            19230                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           139616                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           674547                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1382598                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            19252                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           158337                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           666730                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1399141                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            24105                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           133431                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          674629                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1383269                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           20512                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          130854                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          673768                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1330618                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           16208                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          135758                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          649409                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1353879                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           15583                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          133815                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          675296                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1319880                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           18157                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          139515                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          649880                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1386883                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           17836                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          145247                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          660508                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1374924                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70764                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          187694                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          209521                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          404714                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          627703                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          186871                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          228287                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          400936                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          644916                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          186311                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          214533                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         411515                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         645032                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         186093                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         210963                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         392511                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         596817                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         186154                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         200610                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         420684                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         623424                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         183236                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         216835                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         400775                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         605491                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         186803                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         209496                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         439438                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         661931                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         188711                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         219362                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         404122                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         645610                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             205853                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             280503                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             709466                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1439833                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             205327                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             299148                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             699757                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1459038                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             208952                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             291096                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            708483                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1447097                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            204619                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            285599                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            705429                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1386482                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            202011                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            280642                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            690377                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1417078                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            196706                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            288233                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            709768                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1380447                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            202243                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            288425                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            692193                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1452199                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            205968                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            298102                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            698335                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1437928                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110782639                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110949041                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111320547                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110782635                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110949037                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111320543                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110782641                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110949043                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111320549                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110782637                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110949039                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111320545                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110782646                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110949048                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111320554                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110782642                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110949044                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111320550                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110782658                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110949060                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111320566                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110782654                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110949056                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111320562                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1481583                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1542362                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1750918                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2105572                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1476809                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1551176                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1751476                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2130892                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1475144                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1554813                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1743232                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2106197                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1478173                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1544203                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1747644                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2076593                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1482197                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1549032                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1732100                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2112203                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1482970                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1548440                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1748924                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2066188                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1482880                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1555638                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1744539                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2114898                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1481537                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1555405                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1738379                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         1457488                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               647                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                81                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               79                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               81                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              647                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              651                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               69                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              259                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               84                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              659                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               907                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1350                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2746                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               883                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1422                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2740                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               891                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               803                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2667                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              942                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              803                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              879                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              771                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2694                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              909                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2477                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              783                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2477                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               623                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1544                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4447                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               759                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1694                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4985                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               628                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1529                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              657                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             4959                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              558                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             4560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1788                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             5043                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              459                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3809                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1437                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             4130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           17768                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           34295                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           88951                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          251458                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           15839                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           25853                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           92223                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          250457                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           15448                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           31682                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         100266                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         259971                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          14434                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          32795                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         100264                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         245033                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles          14868                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          33387                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles          88451                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         260693                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          16502                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          28436                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles          99769                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         255667                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles          17790                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles          38418                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles          82642                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         269876                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles          19109                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          32411                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles         100480                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         278567                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197449     25.35%     25.35% |      193929     24.90%     50.25% |      193922     24.90%     75.14% |      193615     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778915                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119800     25.55%     25.55% |      116390     24.82%     50.36% |      116400     24.82%     75.19% |      116370     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       468960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197473     25.35%     25.35% |      193927     24.90%     50.25% |      193921     24.90%     75.14% |      193615     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125691     25.52%     25.52% |      122293     24.83%     50.35% |      122303     24.83%     75.18% |      122273     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       492560                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69457     25.06%     25.06% |       69347     25.02%     50.08% |       69330     25.01%     75.09% |       69053     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       277187                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197449     25.35%     25.35% |      193929     24.90%     50.25% |      193922     24.90%     75.14% |      193615     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778915                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119556     25.54%     25.54% |      116213     24.82%     50.36% |      116223     24.82%     75.18% |      116193     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468185                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69457     25.06%     25.06% |       69347     25.02%     50.08% |       69330     25.01%     75.09% |       69053     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       277187                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197449     25.35%     25.35% |      193927     24.90%     50.25% |      193921     24.90%     75.14% |      193615     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778912                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119556     25.54%     25.54% |      116213     24.82%     50.36% |      116223     24.82%     75.18% |      116193     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468185                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3692210     92.54%     92.54% |          48      0.00%     92.54% |       37185      0.93%     93.48% |       37184      0.93%     94.41% |       37186      0.93%     95.34% |       37185      0.93%     96.27% |       37185      0.93%     97.20% |       37188      0.93%     98.14% |       37187      0.93%     99.07% |       37187      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3989745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3850315    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3850315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7759971     96.88%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |       31230      0.39%     97.27% |       31221      0.39%     97.66% |       31224      0.39%     98.05% |       31228      0.39%     98.44% |       31228      0.39%     98.83% |       31225      0.39%     99.22% |       31226      0.39%     99.61% |       31222      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8009775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15278     98.31%     98.31% |          48      0.31%     98.62% |          12      0.08%     98.70% |          24      0.15%     98.85% |          13      0.08%     98.94% |          16      0.10%     99.04% |          28      0.18%     99.22% |          53      0.34%     99.56% |          44      0.28%     99.85% |          24      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630991     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67379      5.76%     59.69% |       67369      5.76%     65.45% |       67391      5.76%     71.21% |       67375      5.76%     76.96% |       67365      5.76%     82.72% |       67378      5.76%     88.48% |       67381      5.76%     94.24% |       67396      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.77%     10.77% |           6      9.23%     20.00% |           6      9.23%     29.23% |           6      9.23%     38.46% |           7     10.77%     49.23% |           6      9.23%     58.46% |          17     26.15%     84.62% |          10     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     54.73%     54.73% |           2      1.35%     56.08% |           5      3.38%     59.46% |          10      6.76%     66.22% |           5      3.38%     69.59% |           5      3.38%     72.97% |           6      4.05%     77.03% |           5      3.38%     80.41% |          15     10.14%     90.54% |          14      9.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169740     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36849      7.93%     44.49% |       36838      7.93%     52.42% |       36847      7.93%     60.35% |       36851      7.93%     68.28% |       36819      7.93%     76.21% |       36820      7.93%     84.14% |       36830      7.93%     92.07% |       36852      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.35%      1.35% |           8      5.41%      6.76% |           7      4.73%     11.49% |          14      9.46%     20.95% |           7      4.73%     25.68% |          11      7.43%     33.11% |          20     13.51%     46.62% |          47     31.76%     78.38% |          25     16.89%     95.27% |           7      4.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464296     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31035      4.36%     69.51% |       31029      4.35%     73.87% |       31049      4.36%     78.23% |       31022      4.35%     82.58% |       31032      4.35%     86.93% |       31019      4.35%     91.29% |       31038      4.36%     95.64% |       31041      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506194     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67360      6.45%     54.89% |       67339      6.44%     61.33% |       67373      6.45%     67.78% |       67350      6.45%     74.23% |       67324      6.44%     80.67% |       67315      6.44%     87.11% |       67322      6.44%     93.55% |       67354      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170806     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36856      7.91%     44.60% |       36852      7.91%     52.51% |       36855      7.91%     60.43% |       36862      7.92%     68.34% |       36841      7.91%     76.25% |       36868      7.92%     84.17% |       36859      7.92%     92.08% |       36862      7.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338257     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31035      5.29%     62.96% |       31029      5.29%     68.25% |       31048      5.29%     73.55% |       31022      5.29%     78.84% |       31030      5.29%     84.13% |       31018      5.29%     89.42% |       31034      5.29%     94.71% |       31038      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     98.14%     98.14% |           0      0.00%     98.14% |          12      0.10%     98.24% |          24      0.21%     98.45% |          13      0.11%     98.56% |          16      0.14%     98.70% |          28      0.24%     98.95% |          53      0.46%     99.41% |          44      0.38%     99.79% |          24      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         839     97.11%     97.11% |          25      2.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1404    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          43    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         845     92.86%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           7      0.77%     93.63% |           6      0.66%     94.29% |           6      0.66%     94.95% |           6      0.66%     95.60% |           7      0.77%     96.37% |           6      0.66%     97.03% |          17      1.87%     98.90% |          10      1.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           2      0.01%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |          14      0.07%     99.94% |          11      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3726162    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3726162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2315     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |          12      0.01%     99.84% |          24      0.02%     99.86% |          12      0.01%     99.87% |          16      0.01%     99.88% |          28      0.02%     99.90% |          53      0.04%     99.95% |          42      0.03%     99.98% |          24      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1643203     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         328      0.02%     99.86% |         330      0.02%     99.88% |         329      0.02%     99.90% |         322      0.02%     99.92% |         339      0.02%     99.94% |         302      0.02%     99.96% |         314      0.02%     99.98% |         321      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1645788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1518     97.56%     97.56% |          38      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139026     32.17%     32.17% |           0      0.00%     32.17% |       36653      8.48%     40.65% |       36637      8.48%     49.12% |       36651      8.48%     57.60% |       36636      8.48%     66.08% |       36685      8.49%     74.56% |       36657      8.48%     83.05% |       36636      8.48%     91.52% |       36646      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.12%      3.12% |           5      7.81%     10.94% |          10     15.62%     26.56% |           4      6.25%     32.81% |           5      7.81%     40.62% |           6      9.38%     50.00% |           5      7.81%     57.81% |          13     20.31%     78.12% |          14     21.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1855492    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1855492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7392412     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         195      0.00%     99.98% |         192      0.00%     99.98% |         176      0.00%     99.99% |         205      0.00%     99.99% |         198      0.00%     99.99% |         207      0.00%     99.99% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7393960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367168     59.93%     59.93% |           0      0.00%     59.93% |       30707      5.01%     64.94% |       30702      5.01%     69.95% |       30722      5.01%     74.96% |       30714      5.01%     79.98% |       30639      5.00%     84.98% |       30658      5.00%     89.98% |       30686      5.01%     94.99% |       30708      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.77%     10.77% |           6      9.23%     20.00% |           6      9.23%     29.23% |           6      9.23%     38.46% |           7     10.77%     49.23% |           6      9.23%     58.46% |          17     26.15%     84.62% |          10     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         250     95.06%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           1      0.38%     95.44% |           6      2.28%     97.72% |           0      0.00%     97.72% |           0      0.00%     97.72% |           6      2.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169740     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36849      7.93%     44.49% |       36838      7.93%     52.42% |       36847      7.93%     60.35% |       36851      7.93%     68.28% |       36819      7.93%     76.21% |       36820      7.93%     84.14% |       36830      7.93%     92.07% |       36852      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.35%      1.35% |           8      5.41%      6.76% |           7      4.73%     11.49% |          14      9.46%     20.95% |           7      4.73%     25.68% |          11      7.43%     33.11% |          20     13.51%     46.62% |          47     31.76%     78.38% |          25     16.89%     95.27% |           7      4.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125996     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     55.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     11.11%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           4     22.22%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338300     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       31035      5.29%     62.97% |       31029      5.29%     68.26% |       31048      5.29%     73.55% |       31022      5.29%     78.84% |       31030      5.29%     84.13% |       31018      5.29%     89.42% |       31034      5.29%     94.71% |       31038      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1276     98.84%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |           1      0.08%     98.92% |           0      0.00%     98.92% |           2      0.15%     99.07% |           1      0.08%     99.15% |           1      0.08%     99.23% |           4      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.23%     99.77% |           3      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         123     98.40%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           0      0.00%     98.40% |           1      0.80%     99.20% |           0      0.00%     99.20% |           0      0.00%     99.20% |           0      0.00%     99.20% |           1      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506194     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67360      6.45%     54.89% |       67339      6.44%     61.33% |       67372      6.45%     67.78% |       67350      6.45%     74.23% |       67324      6.44%     80.67% |       67315      6.44%     87.11% |       67320      6.44%     93.55% |       67354      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3865      3.11%      3.11% |        3802      3.06%      6.18% |        3548      2.86%      9.04% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3572      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3280      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5140      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3820      3.08%     36.94% |        3563      2.87%     39.81% |        4325      3.48%     43.29% |        3868      3.12%     46.41% |        3738      3.01%     49.42% |        4117      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.09% |        3673      2.96%     59.05% |        3383      2.73%     61.77% |        3062      2.47%     64.24% |        3702      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3243      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3977      3.20%     88.16% |        5204      4.19%     92.36% |        5071      4.09%     96.44% |        4416      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55082     11.81%     11.81% |       13893      2.98%     14.78% |       12708      2.72%     17.51% |       13624      2.92%     20.43% |       12830      2.75%     23.18% |       12691      2.72%     25.90% |       12289      2.63%     28.53% |       12556      2.69%     31.22% |       12941      2.77%     33.99% |       12815      2.75%     36.74% |       14954      3.20%     39.95% |       13305      2.85%     42.80% |       12853      2.75%     45.55% |       12823      2.75%     48.30% |       12198      2.61%     50.91% |       12582      2.70%     53.61% |       13679      2.93%     56.54% |       12731      2.73%     59.27% |       13099      2.81%     62.08% |       13148      2.82%     64.90% |       13663      2.93%     67.82% |       16818      3.60%     71.43% |       12772      2.74%     74.17% |       12925      2.77%     76.94% |       12859      2.76%     79.69% |       13002      2.79%     82.48% |       12526      2.68%     85.16% |       12245      2.62%     87.79% |       13259      2.84%     90.63% |       12621      2.70%     93.33% |       13602      2.92%     96.25% |       17502      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466595                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22433      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16799      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16822      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17470      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17608      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.64% |       17678      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.60% |       17850      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18468      3.15%     64.00% |       20245      3.45%     67.45% |       18473      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18406      3.14%     76.86% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18649      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.33% |       19441      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586571                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75591      7.23%      7.23% |       32685      3.13%     10.36% |       29303      2.80%     13.17% |       32199      3.08%     16.25% |       29609      2.83%     19.08% |       29493      2.82%     21.90% |       28903      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30213      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32343      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30342      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31304      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.63% |       30759      2.94%     59.57% |       31439      3.01%     62.58% |       31922      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31055      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31069      2.97%     78.07% |       31056      2.97%     81.04% |       30987      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32514      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33952      3.25%     96.37% |       37947      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17847      3.81%      3.81% |       14519      3.10%      6.91% |       14530      3.10%     10.02% |       14514      3.10%     13.12% |       14498      3.10%     16.22% |       14507      3.10%     19.32% |       14517      3.10%     22.42% |       14519      3.10%     25.52% |       14525      3.10%     28.62% |       14537      3.11%     31.73% |       14534      3.10%     34.83% |       14529      3.10%     37.94% |       14517      3.10%     41.04% |       14522      3.10%     44.14% |       14515      3.10%     47.24% |       14510      3.10%     50.34% |       14560      3.11%     53.45% |       14527      3.10%     56.55% |       14535      3.11%     59.66% |       14532      3.10%     62.76% |       14516      3.10%     65.87% |       14539      3.11%     68.97% |       14526      3.10%     72.08% |       14528      3.10%     75.18% |       14541      3.11%     78.29% |       14537      3.11%     81.39% |       14530      3.10%     84.50% |       14525      3.10%     87.60% |       14525      3.10%     90.70% |       14501      3.10%     93.80% |       14514      3.10%     96.90% |       14512      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468088                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8869      3.20%      3.20% |        8722      3.15%      6.34% |        8727      3.15%      9.49% |        8674      3.13%     12.62% |        8663      3.12%     15.74% |        8639      3.12%     18.86% |        8651      3.12%     21.98% |        8654      3.12%     25.10% |        8656      3.12%     28.22% |        8692      3.13%     31.36% |        8722      3.15%     34.50% |        8671      3.13%     37.63% |        8698      3.14%     40.77% |        8666      3.13%     43.89% |        8704      3.14%     47.03% |        8639      3.12%     50.15% |        8677      3.13%     53.28% |        8650      3.12%     56.39% |        8640      3.12%     59.51% |        8619      3.11%     62.62% |        8640      3.12%     65.74% |        8657      3.12%     68.86% |        8635      3.11%     71.97% |        8603      3.10%     75.07% |        8645      3.12%     78.19% |        8687      3.13%     81.32% |        8653      3.12%     84.45% |        8598      3.10%     87.55% |        8636      3.11%     90.66% |        8658      3.12%     93.78% |        8620      3.11%     96.89% |        8619      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       277284                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27830      3.57%      3.57% |       24287      3.12%      6.69% |       24304      3.12%      9.81% |       24235      3.11%     12.92% |       24207      3.11%     16.03% |       24192      3.11%     19.14% |       24214      3.11%     22.25% |       24219      3.11%     25.35% |       24227      3.11%     28.46% |       24275      3.12%     31.58% |       24302      3.12%     34.70% |       24246      3.11%     37.81% |       24261      3.11%     40.93% |       24234      3.11%     44.04% |       24264      3.12%     47.16% |       24195      3.11%     50.26% |       24283      3.12%     53.38% |       24223      3.11%     56.49% |       24221      3.11%     59.60% |       24197      3.11%     62.70% |       24202      3.11%     65.81% |       24242      3.11%     68.92% |       24207      3.11%     72.03% |       24177      3.10%     75.14% |       24232      3.11%     78.25% |       24270      3.12%     81.36% |       24229      3.11%     84.47% |       24169      3.10%     87.58% |       24207      3.11%     90.68% |       24204      3.11%     93.79% |       24180      3.10%     96.90% |       24177      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778912                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26806      3.59%      3.59% |       23263      3.12%      6.71% |       23280      3.12%      9.83% |       23211      3.11%     12.94% |       23183      3.11%     16.05% |       23168      3.11%     19.15% |       23190      3.11%     22.26% |       23195      3.11%     25.37% |       23203      3.11%     28.48% |       23251      3.12%     31.60% |       23278      3.12%     34.72% |       23222      3.11%     37.83% |       23237      3.11%     40.94% |       23210      3.11%     44.05% |       23241      3.11%     47.17% |       23171      3.11%     50.27% |       23259      3.12%     53.39% |       23199      3.11%     56.50% |       23197      3.11%     59.61% |       23173      3.11%     62.71% |       23178      3.11%     65.82% |       23218      3.11%     68.93% |       23183      3.11%     72.04% |       23153      3.10%     75.14% |       23208      3.11%     78.25% |       23246      3.12%     81.37% |       23205      3.11%     84.48% |       23145      3.10%     87.58% |       23183      3.11%     90.69% |       23181      3.11%     93.79% |       23156      3.10%     96.90% |       23153      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       746146                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     21.62%     21.62% |           2      0.77%     22.39% |           6      2.32%     24.71% |           5      1.93%     26.64% |           4      1.54%     28.19% |           4      1.54%     29.73% |           4      1.54%     31.27% |           5      1.93%     33.20% |           7      2.70%     35.91% |           4      1.54%     37.45% |           6      2.32%     39.77% |           4      1.54%     41.31% |           5      1.93%     43.24% |           3      1.16%     44.40% |           4      1.54%     45.95% |           3      1.16%     47.10% |           4      1.54%     48.65% |           3      1.16%     49.81% |           9      3.47%     53.28% |          10      3.86%     57.14% |          19      7.34%     64.48% |          19      7.34%     71.81% |           9      3.47%     75.29% |          10      3.86%     79.15% |           7      2.70%     81.85% |           8      3.09%     84.94% |           7      2.70%     87.64% |           9      3.47%     91.12% |           7      2.70%     93.82% |           6      2.32%     96.14% |           7      2.70%     98.84% |           3      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          23     34.33%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |          15     22.39%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |           0      0.00%     56.72% |          11     16.42%     73.13% |           0      0.00%     73.13% |           0      0.00%     73.13% |          16     23.88%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           2      2.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          28     18.30%     18.30% |           2      1.31%     19.61% |           1      0.65%     20.26% |          21     13.73%     33.99% |           3      1.96%     35.95% |           3      1.96%     37.91% |           4      2.61%     40.52% |           3      1.96%     42.48% |           5      3.27%     45.75% |           3      1.96%     47.71% |           2      1.31%     49.02% |           2      1.31%     50.33% |           3      1.96%     52.29% |           3      1.96%     54.25% |           4      2.61%     56.86% |           3      1.96%     58.82% |          14      9.15%     67.97% |           1      0.65%     68.63% |           2      1.31%     69.93% |          16     10.46%     80.39% |           1      0.65%     81.05% |           0      0.00%     81.05% |           1      0.65%     81.70% |           2      1.31%     83.01% |           3      1.96%     84.97% |           5      3.27%     88.24% |           4      2.61%     90.85% |           5      3.27%     94.12% |           3      1.96%     96.08% |           2      1.31%     97.39% |           2      1.31%     98.69% |           2      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         541      3.56%      3.56% |         472      3.10%      6.66% |         466      3.06%      9.73% |         467      3.07%     12.80% |         463      3.04%     15.84% |         457      3.01%     18.85% |         470      3.09%     21.94% |         468      3.08%     25.01% |         459      3.02%     28.03% |         461      3.03%     31.06% |         507      3.33%     34.40% |         484      3.18%     37.58% |         502      3.30%     40.88% |         479      3.15%     44.03% |         498      3.27%     47.31% |         482      3.17%     50.48% |         506      3.33%     53.80% |         486      3.20%     57.00% |         470      3.09%     60.09% |         462      3.04%     63.13% |         438      2.88%     66.01% |         483      3.18%     69.19% |         452      2.97%     72.16% |         443      2.91%     75.07% |         483      3.18%     78.25% |         501      3.29%     81.54% |         486      3.20%     84.74% |         453      2.98%     87.72% |         462      3.04%     90.75% |         474      3.12%     93.87% |         472      3.10%     96.98% |         460      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          24     16.22%     16.22% |           2      1.35%     17.57% |           1      0.68%     18.24% |          18     12.16%     30.41% |           3      2.03%     32.43% |           3      2.03%     34.46% |           4      2.70%     37.16% |           3      2.03%     39.19% |           5      3.38%     42.57% |           3      2.03%     44.59% |           2      1.35%     45.95% |           2      1.35%     47.30% |           3      2.03%     49.32% |           3      2.03%     51.35% |           4      2.70%     54.05% |           3      2.03%     56.08% |          14      9.46%     65.54% |           1      0.68%     66.22% |           2      1.35%     67.57% |          16     10.81%     78.38% |           1      0.68%     79.05% |           0      0.00%     79.05% |           1      0.68%     79.73% |           2      1.35%     81.08% |           3      2.03%     83.11% |           5      3.38%     86.49% |           4      2.70%     89.19% |           7      4.73%     93.92% |           3      2.03%     95.95% |           2      1.35%     97.30% |           2      1.35%     98.65% |           2      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          148                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75920      7.22%      7.22% |       32867      3.13%     10.35% |       29492      2.81%     13.16% |       32398      3.08%     16.24% |       29792      2.83%     19.07% |       29678      2.82%     21.90% |       29084      2.77%     24.66% |       29697      2.83%     27.49% |       30399      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.23% |       32541      3.10%     36.33% |       30868      2.94%     39.27% |       30525      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.05% |       29599      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31508      3.00%     53.74% |       30316      2.88%     56.63% |       30933      2.94%     59.57% |       31639      3.01%     62.58% |       32124      3.06%     65.64% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31242      2.97%     72.13% |       31249      2.97%     75.10% |       31255      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31170      2.97%     84.02% |       30882      2.94%     86.95% |       32697      3.11%     90.06% |       32156      3.06%     93.12% |       34136      3.25%     96.37% |       38134      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051063                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         445      3.29%      3.29% |         422      3.12%      6.42% |         415      3.07%      9.49% |         404      2.99%     12.48% |         411      3.04%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.07%     21.56% |         417      3.09%     24.65% |         407      3.01%     27.66% |         416      3.08%     30.74% |         443      3.28%     34.02% |         438      3.24%     37.26% |         452      3.35%     40.61% |         429      3.18%     43.79% |         449      3.32%     47.11% |         440      3.26%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.96% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         386      2.86%     66.04% |         408      3.02%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.92%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.07%     90.72% |         427      3.16%     93.88% |         426      3.15%     97.03% |         401      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12411      4.30%      4.30% |        8981      3.11%      7.41% |        8999      3.12%     10.53% |        8940      3.10%     13.62% |        8913      3.09%     16.71% |        8900      3.08%     19.79% |        8906      3.08%     22.88% |        8915      3.09%     25.97% |        8925      3.09%     29.06% |        8960      3.10%     32.16% |        8979      3.11%     35.27% |        8906      3.08%     38.36% |        8917      3.09%     41.44% |        8912      3.09%     44.53% |        8928      3.09%     47.62% |        8872      3.07%     50.70% |        8913      3.09%     53.78% |        8888      3.08%     56.86% |        8891      3.08%     59.94% |        8890      3.08%     63.02% |        8902      3.08%     66.11% |        8913      3.09%     69.19% |        8917      3.09%     72.28% |        8884      3.08%     75.36% |        8897      3.08%     78.44% |        8924      3.09%     81.53% |        8891      3.08%     84.61% |        8875      3.07%     87.69% |        8905      3.08%     90.77% |        8895      3.08%     93.85% |        8859      3.07%     96.92% |        8894      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14974      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14920      3.13%     53.12% |       14895      3.12%     56.25% |       14896      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476707                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          11      8.53%      8.53% |           3      2.33%     10.85% |           2      1.55%     12.40% |          10      7.75%     20.16% |           3      2.33%     22.48% |           5      3.88%     26.36% |           6      4.65%     31.01% |           3      2.33%     33.33% |           5      3.88%     37.21% |           3      2.33%     39.53% |           2      1.55%     41.09% |           2      1.55%     42.64% |           4      3.10%     45.74% |           3      2.33%     48.06% |           5      3.88%     51.94% |           3      2.33%     54.26% |          13     10.08%     64.34% |           1      0.78%     65.12% |           3      2.33%     67.44% |           8      6.20%     73.64% |           1      0.78%     74.42% |           0      0.00%     74.42% |           1      0.78%     75.19% |           2      1.55%     76.74% |           4      3.10%     79.84% |           5      3.88%     83.72% |           5      3.88%     87.60% |           6      4.65%     92.25% |           3      2.33%     94.57% |           2      1.55%     96.12% |           2      1.55%     97.67% |           3      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          129                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         462      3.42%      3.42% |         421      3.11%      6.53% |         412      3.05%      9.58% |         412      3.05%     12.62% |         412      3.05%     15.67% |         402      2.97%     18.64% |         417      3.08%     21.73% |         416      3.08%     24.80% |         407      3.01%     27.81% |         414      3.06%     30.88% |         445      3.29%     34.17% |         438      3.24%     37.41% |         449      3.32%     40.73% |         428      3.17%     43.89% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         449      3.32%     53.76% |         439      3.25%     57.01% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         410      3.03%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.08% |         406      3.00%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.02% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         436      3.22%     84.74% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.05%     90.76% |         425      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13522                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41081     23.37%     23.37% |        4897      2.79%     26.16% |        3693      2.10%     28.26% |        4640      2.64%     30.90% |        3900      2.22%     33.11% |        3705      2.11%     35.22% |        3356      1.91%     37.13% |        3629      2.06%     39.20% |        4004      2.28%     41.47% |        3851      2.19%     43.66% |        5954      3.39%     47.05% |        4392      2.50%     49.55% |        3930      2.24%     51.78% |        3905      2.22%     54.01% |        3246      1.85%     55.85% |        3704      2.11%     57.96% |        4745      2.70%     60.66% |        3835      2.18%     62.84% |        4139      2.35%     65.20% |        4237      2.41%     67.61% |        4759      2.71%     70.31% |        7882      4.48%     74.80% |        3852      2.19%     76.99% |        4035      2.30%     79.28% |        3952      2.25%     81.53% |        4065      2.31%     83.84% |        3628      2.06%     85.91% |        3360      1.91%     87.82% |        4351      2.48%     90.29% |        3724      2.12%     92.41% |        4740      2.70%     95.11% |        8598      4.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       175789                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7404      6.75%      6.75% |        4098      3.73%     10.48% |        1908      1.74%     12.22% |        3924      3.58%     15.79% |        2096      1.91%     17.70% |        2182      1.99%     19.69% |        1928      1.76%     21.45% |        2266      2.06%     23.51% |        2574      2.35%     25.86% |        2280      2.08%     27.93% |        2728      2.49%     30.42% |        2667      2.43%     32.85% |        2782      2.53%     35.38% |        2595      2.36%     37.75% |        2535      2.31%     40.06% |        2736      2.49%     42.55% |        2915      2.66%     45.21% |        2696      2.46%     47.66% |        2994      2.73%     50.39% |        3608      3.29%     53.68% |        3549      3.23%     56.91% |        5315      4.84%     61.76% |        3587      3.27%     65.02% |        3432      3.13%     68.15% |        3497      3.19%     71.34% |        3353      3.05%     74.39% |        3746      3.41%     77.80% |        3750      3.42%     81.22% |        4554      4.15%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5642      5.14%     94.75% |        5760      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109756                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17833      3.81%      3.81% |       14513      3.10%      6.91% |       14524      3.10%     10.02% |       14502      3.10%     13.12% |       14493      3.10%     16.21% |       14500      3.10%     19.31% |       14508      3.10%     22.41% |       14515      3.10%     25.52% |       14519      3.10%     28.62% |       14532      3.11%     31.73% |       14528      3.11%     34.83% |       14525      3.10%     37.94% |       14512      3.10%     41.04% |       14518      3.10%     44.14% |       14509      3.10%     47.24% |       14506      3.10%     50.34% |       14545      3.11%     53.45% |       14524      3.10%     56.55% |       14529      3.11%     59.66% |       14522      3.10%     62.76% |       14513      3.10%     65.86% |       14535      3.11%     68.97% |       14522      3.10%     72.08% |       14525      3.10%     75.18% |       14535      3.11%     78.29% |       14529      3.11%     81.39% |       14522      3.10%     84.50% |       14517      3.10%     87.60% |       14518      3.10%     90.70% |       14495      3.10%     93.80% |       14509      3.10%     96.90% |       14506      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       467883                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8342      3.18%      3.18% |        8256      3.15%      6.33% |        8262      3.15%      9.48% |        8217      3.13%     12.62% |        8204      3.13%     15.75% |        8188      3.12%     18.87% |        8190      3.12%     21.99% |        8189      3.12%     25.12% |        8201      3.13%     28.25% |        8235      3.14%     31.39% |        8217      3.13%     34.52% |        8189      3.12%     37.64% |        8199      3.13%     40.77% |        8191      3.12%     43.90% |        8212      3.13%     47.03% |        8161      3.11%     50.14% |        8185      3.12%     53.26% |        8165      3.11%     56.38% |        8169      3.12%     59.49% |        8157      3.11%     62.61% |        8187      3.12%     65.73% |        8159      3.11%     68.84% |        8179      3.12%     71.96% |        8156      3.11%     75.07% |        8164      3.11%     78.19% |        8191      3.12%     81.31% |        8172      3.12%     84.43% |        8149      3.11%     87.54% |        8177      3.12%     90.66% |        8186      3.12%     93.78% |        8148      3.11%     96.89% |        8164      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       262161                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          24     16.22%     16.22% |           2      1.35%     17.57% |           1      0.68%     18.24% |          18     12.16%     30.41% |           3      2.03%     32.43% |           3      2.03%     34.46% |           4      2.70%     37.16% |           3      2.03%     39.19% |           5      3.38%     42.57% |           3      2.03%     44.59% |           2      1.35%     45.95% |           2      1.35%     47.30% |           3      2.03%     49.32% |           3      2.03%     51.35% |           4      2.70%     54.05% |           3      2.03%     56.08% |          14      9.46%     65.54% |           1      0.68%     66.22% |           2      1.35%     67.57% |          16     10.81%     78.38% |           1      0.68%     79.05% |           0      0.00%     79.05% |           1      0.68%     79.73% |           2      1.35%     81.08% |           3      2.03%     83.11% |           5      3.38%     86.49% |           4      2.70%     89.19% |           7      4.73%     93.92% |           3      2.03%     95.95% |           2      1.35%     97.30% |           2      1.35%     98.65% |           2      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          148                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          51     78.46%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |           0      0.00%     78.46% |          14     21.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75588      7.23%      7.23% |       32685      3.13%     10.36% |       29303      2.80%     13.17% |       32199      3.08%     16.25% |       29609      2.83%     19.08% |       29493      2.82%     21.90% |       28903      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30213      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32343      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30342      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31304      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.63% |       30759      2.94%     59.57% |       31439      3.01%     62.58% |       31922      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31055      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31069      2.97%     78.07% |       31056      2.97%     81.04% |       30987      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32514      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33952      3.25%     96.37% |       37947      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.95%      3.95% |           3      3.95%      7.89% |           4      5.26%     13.16% |           2      2.63%     15.79% |           2      2.63%     18.42% |           2      2.63%     21.05% |           3      3.95%     25.00% |           1      1.32%     26.32% |           1      1.32%     27.63% |           2      2.63%     30.26% |           4      5.26%     35.53% |           2      2.63%     38.16% |           1      1.32%     39.47% |           1      1.32%     40.79% |           1      1.32%     42.11% |           1      1.32%     43.42% |           2      2.63%     46.05% |           2      2.63%     48.68% |           3      3.95%     52.63% |           2      2.63%     55.26% |           2      2.63%     57.89% |           4      5.26%     63.16% |           3      3.95%     67.11% |           1      1.32%     68.42% |           2      2.63%     71.05% |           3      3.95%     75.00% |           3      3.95%     78.95% |           2      2.63%     81.58% |           4      5.26%     86.84% |           4      5.26%     92.11% |           3      3.95%     96.05% |           3      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           76                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          65      4.06%      4.06% |          45      2.81%      6.87% |          53      3.31%     10.18% |          45      2.81%     12.99% |          47      2.94%     15.93% |          49      3.06%     18.99% |          44      2.75%     21.74% |          49      3.06%     24.80% |          48      3.00%     27.80% |          43      2.69%     30.48% |          60      3.75%     34.23% |          44      2.75%     36.98% |          50      3.12%     40.10% |          47      2.94%     43.04% |          44      2.75%     45.78% |          40      2.50%     48.28% |          43      2.69%     50.97% |          46      2.87%     53.84% |          39      2.44%     56.28% |          52      3.25%     59.53% |          68      4.25%     63.77% |          92      5.75%     69.52% |          52      3.25%     72.77% |          49      3.06%     75.83% |          51      3.19%     79.01% |          47      2.94%     81.95% |          45      2.81%     84.76% |          49      3.06%     87.82% |          46      2.87%     90.69% |          47      2.94%     93.63% |          49      3.06%     96.69% |          53      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           0      0.00%      7.41% |           2      7.41%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           1      3.70%     18.52% |           1      3.70%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           8     29.63%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           8     29.63%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           4     14.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.27%      2.27% |           2      4.55%      6.82% |           2      4.55%     11.36% |           1      2.27%     13.64% |           1      2.27%     15.91% |           1      2.27%     18.18% |           1      2.27%     20.45% |           0      0.00%     20.45% |           1      2.27%     22.73% |           4      9.09%     31.82% |           2      4.55%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      2.27%     38.64% |           1      2.27%     40.91% |           2      4.55%     45.45% |           2      4.55%     50.00% |           2      4.55%     54.55% |           1      2.27%     56.82% |          15     34.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      4.55%     95.45% |           2      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     66.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26806      3.59%      3.59% |       23263      3.12%      6.71% |       23280      3.12%      9.83% |       23211      3.11%     12.94% |       23183      3.11%     16.05% |       23168      3.11%     19.15% |       23190      3.11%     22.26% |       23195      3.11%     25.37% |       23203      3.11%     28.48% |       23251      3.12%     31.60% |       23278      3.12%     34.72% |       23222      3.11%     37.83% |       23237      3.11%     40.94% |       23210      3.11%     44.05% |       23241      3.11%     47.17% |       23171      3.11%     50.27% |       23259      3.12%     53.39% |       23199      3.11%     56.50% |       23197      3.11%     59.61% |       23173      3.11%     62.71% |       23178      3.11%     65.82% |       23218      3.11%     68.93% |       23183      3.11%     72.04% |       23153      3.10%     75.14% |       23208      3.11%     78.25% |       23246      3.12%     81.37% |       23205      3.11%     84.48% |       23145      3.10%     87.58% |       23183      3.11%     90.69% |       23181      3.11%     93.79% |       23156      3.10%     96.90% |       23153      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       746146                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.69%      7.69% |           3      5.77%     13.46% |           3      5.77%     19.23% |           2      3.85%     23.08% |           2      3.85%     26.92% |           2      3.85%     30.77% |           3      5.77%     36.54% |           2      3.85%     40.38% |           1      1.92%     42.31% |           2      3.85%     46.15% |           3      5.77%     51.92% |           2      3.85%     55.77% |           1      1.92%     57.69% |           1      1.92%     59.62% |           1      1.92%     61.54% |           1      1.92%     63.46% |           2      3.85%     67.31% |           1      1.92%     69.23% |           1      1.92%     71.15% |           0      0.00%     71.15% |           1      1.92%     73.08% |           2      3.85%     76.92% |           1      1.92%     78.85% |           1      1.92%     80.77% |           0      0.00%     80.77% |           2      3.85%     84.62% |           1      1.92%     86.54% |           0      0.00%     86.54% |           1      1.92%     88.46% |           2      3.85%     92.31% |           1      1.92%     94.23% |           3      5.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           8     88.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      1.03%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           4      4.12%      5.15% |           2      2.06%      7.22% |           1      1.03%      8.25% |           1      1.03%      9.28% |           0      0.00%      9.28% |           2      2.06%     11.34% |           2      2.06%     13.40% |           1      1.03%     14.43% |           3      3.09%     17.53% |           2      2.06%     19.59% |           2      2.06%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           1      1.03%     22.68% |           1      1.03%     23.71% |           5      5.15%     28.87% |           8      8.25%     37.11% |          17     17.53%     54.64% |          17     17.53%     72.16% |           6      6.19%     78.35% |           7      7.22%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          64      4.26%      4.26% |          45      2.99%      7.25% |          49      3.26%     10.51% |          43      2.86%     13.36% |          46      3.06%     16.42% |          48      3.19%     19.61% |          44      2.93%     22.54% |          47      3.12%     25.66% |          46      3.06%     28.72% |          42      2.79%     31.52% |          57      3.79%     35.31% |          42      2.79%     38.10% |          48      3.19%     41.29% |          47      3.12%     44.41% |          44      2.93%     47.34% |          40      2.66%     50.00% |          42      2.79%     52.79% |          45      2.99%     55.78% |          34      2.26%     58.05% |          44      2.93%     60.97% |          51      3.39%     64.36% |          75      4.99%     69.35% |          46      3.06%     72.41% |          42      2.79%     75.20% |          49      3.26%     78.46% |          45      2.99%     81.45% |          44      2.93%     84.38% |          47      3.12%     87.50% |          45      2.99%     90.49% |          45      2.99%     93.48% |          46      3.06%     96.54% |          52      3.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          17     48.57%     48.57% |           0      0.00%     48.57% |           0      0.00%     48.57% |           9     25.71%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           8     22.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         462      3.42%      3.42% |         421      3.11%      6.53% |         412      3.05%      9.58% |         412      3.05%     12.62% |         412      3.05%     15.67% |         402      2.97%     18.64% |         417      3.08%     21.73% |         416      3.08%     24.80% |         407      3.01%     27.81% |         414      3.06%     30.88% |         445      3.29%     34.17% |         438      3.24%     37.41% |         449      3.32%     40.73% |         428      3.17%     43.89% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         449      3.32%     53.76% |         439      3.25%     57.01% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         410      3.03%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.08% |         406      3.00%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.02% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         436      3.22%     84.74% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.05%     90.76% |         425      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13522                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          11      9.32%      9.32% |           2      1.69%     11.02% |           1      0.85%     11.86% |          12     10.17%     22.03% |           3      2.54%     24.58% |           3      2.54%     27.12% |           4      3.39%     30.51% |           3      2.54%     33.05% |           5      4.24%     37.29% |           3      2.54%     39.83% |           2      1.69%     41.53% |           2      1.69%     43.22% |           3      2.54%     45.76% |           3      2.54%     48.31% |           4      3.39%     51.69% |           3      2.54%     54.24% |          13     11.02%     65.25% |           1      0.85%     66.10% |           2      1.69%     67.80% |           8      6.78%     74.58% |           1      0.85%     75.42% |           0      0.00%     75.42% |           1      0.85%     76.27% |           2      1.69%     77.97% |           3      2.54%     80.51% |           5      4.24%     84.75% |           4      3.39%     88.14% |           5      4.24%     92.37% |           3      2.54%     94.92% |           2      1.69%     96.61% |           2      1.69%     98.31% |           2      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          11      8.53%      8.53% |           3      2.33%     10.85% |           2      1.55%     12.40% |          10      7.75%     20.16% |           3      2.33%     22.48% |           5      3.88%     26.36% |           6      4.65%     31.01% |           3      2.33%     33.33% |           5      3.88%     37.21% |           3      2.33%     39.53% |           2      1.55%     41.09% |           2      1.55%     42.64% |           4      3.10%     45.74% |           3      2.33%     48.06% |           5      3.88%     51.94% |           3      2.33%     54.26% |          13     10.08%     64.34% |           1      0.78%     65.12% |           3      2.33%     67.44% |           8      6.20%     73.64% |           1      0.78%     74.42% |           0      0.00%     74.42% |           1      0.78%     75.19% |           2      1.55%     76.74% |           4      3.10%     79.84% |           5      3.88%     83.72% |           5      3.88%     87.60% |           6      4.65%     92.25% |           3      2.33%     94.57% |           2      1.55%     96.12% |           2      1.55%     97.67% |           3      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          129                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12407      4.30%      4.30% |        8981      3.11%      7.41% |        8999      3.12%     10.53% |        8940      3.10%     13.62% |        8913      3.09%     16.71% |        8900      3.08%     19.79% |        8906      3.08%     22.88% |        8915      3.09%     25.97% |        8925      3.09%     29.06% |        8960      3.10%     32.16% |        8979      3.11%     35.27% |        8906      3.08%     38.36% |        8917      3.09%     41.44% |        8912      3.09%     44.53% |        8928      3.09%     47.62% |        8872      3.07%     50.70% |        8913      3.09%     53.78% |        8888      3.08%     56.86% |        8891      3.08%     59.94% |        8890      3.08%     63.02% |        8902      3.08%     66.11% |        8913      3.09%     69.19% |        8917      3.09%     72.28% |        8884      3.08%     75.36% |        8897      3.08%     78.44% |        8924      3.09%     81.53% |        8891      3.08%     84.61% |        8875      3.07%     87.69% |        8905      3.08%     90.77% |        8894      3.08%     93.85% |        8859      3.07%     96.92% |        8894      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288697                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         449      3.32%      3.32% |         421      3.12%      6.44% |         415      3.07%      9.51% |         404      2.99%     12.50% |         411      3.04%     15.55% |         401      2.97%     18.51% |         414      3.06%     21.58% |         417      3.09%     24.67% |         407      3.01%     27.68% |         416      3.08%     30.76% |         443      3.28%     34.04% |         438      3.24%     37.28% |         452      3.35%     40.63% |         429      3.18%     43.80% |         448      3.32%     47.12% |         440      3.26%     50.38% |         450      3.33%     53.71% |         440      3.26%     56.97% |         434      3.21%     60.18% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         386      2.86%     66.04% |         408      3.02%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.92%     74.98% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.68% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.07%     90.72% |         427      3.16%     93.88% |         426      3.15%     97.03% |         401      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13508                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14974      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14920      3.13%     53.12% |       14895      3.12%     56.25% |       14896      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476707                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75917      7.22%      7.22% |       32861      3.13%     10.35% |       29490      2.81%     13.16% |       32395      3.08%     16.24% |       29792      2.83%     19.07% |       29678      2.82%     21.90% |       29084      2.77%     24.66% |       29697      2.83%     27.49% |       30398      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.23% |       32541      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30521      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29597      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31507      3.00%     53.74% |       30314      2.88%     56.63% |       30920      2.94%     59.57% |       31636      3.01%     62.58% |       32124      3.06%     65.63% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31242      2.97%     72.13% |       31249      2.97%     75.10% |       31254      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31167      2.97%     84.02% |       30878      2.94%     86.95% |       32697      3.11%     90.06% |       32156      3.06%     93.12% |       34136      3.25%     96.37% |       38134      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051014                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.23%      1.23% |           2      2.47%      3.70% |           1      1.23%      4.94% |           3      3.70%      8.64% |           3      3.70%     12.35% |           3      3.70%     16.05% |           4      4.94%     20.99% |           3      3.70%     24.69% |           5      6.17%     30.86% |           3      3.70%     34.57% |           2      2.47%     37.04% |           2      2.47%     39.51% |           3      3.70%     43.21% |           3      3.70%     46.91% |           4      4.94%     51.85% |           3      3.70%     55.56% |           3      3.70%     59.26% |           1      1.23%     60.49% |           2      2.47%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           1      1.23%     64.20% |           0      0.00%     64.20% |           1      1.23%     65.43% |           2      2.47%     67.90% |           3      3.70%     71.60% |           5      6.17%     77.78% |           4      4.94%     82.72% |           5      6.17%     88.89% |           3      3.70%     92.59% |           2      2.47%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          21     32.81%     32.81% |           0      0.00%     32.81% |           0      0.00%     32.81% |          15     23.44%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |          11     17.19%     73.44% |           0      0.00%     73.44% |           0      0.00%     73.44% |          15     23.44%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           2      3.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           64                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          22     15.17%     15.17% |           2      1.38%     16.55% |           1      0.69%     17.24% |          18     12.41%     29.66% |           3      2.07%     31.72% |           3      2.07%     33.79% |           4      2.76%     36.55% |           3      2.07%     38.62% |           5      3.45%     42.07% |           3      2.07%     44.14% |           2      1.38%     45.52% |           2      1.38%     46.90% |           3      2.07%     48.97% |           3      2.07%     51.03% |           4      2.76%     53.79% |           3      2.07%     55.86% |          14      9.66%     65.52% |           1      0.69%     66.21% |           2      1.38%     67.59% |          15     10.34%     77.93% |           1      0.69%     78.62% |           0      0.00%     78.62% |           1      0.69%     79.31% |           2      1.38%     80.69% |           3      2.07%     82.76% |           5      3.45%     86.21% |           4      2.76%     88.97% |           7      4.83%     93.79% |           3      2.07%     95.86% |           2      1.38%     97.24% |           2      1.38%     98.62% |           2      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          145                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       54937     16.70%     16.70% |      164477     50.00%     66.70% |       13614      4.14%     70.84% |       14669      4.46%     75.30% |       13594      4.13%     79.43% |       14500      4.41%     83.84% |       13569      4.12%     87.96% |       14747      4.48%     92.45% |       12034      3.66%     96.10% |       12813      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       328954                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       54937     16.70%     16.70% |      164477     50.00%     66.70% |       13614      4.14%     70.84% |       14669      4.46%     75.30% |       13594      4.13%     79.43% |       14500      4.41%     83.84% |       13569      4.12%     87.96% |       14747      4.48%     92.45% |       12034      3.66%     96.10% |       12813      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       328954                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       54937     16.70%     16.70% |      164477     50.00%     66.70% |       13614      4.14%     70.84% |       14669      4.46%     75.30% |       13594      4.13%     79.43% |       14500      4.41%     83.84% |       13569      4.12%     87.96% |       14747      4.48%     92.45% |       12034      3.66%     96.10% |       12813      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       328954                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       54937     16.70%     16.70% |      164477     50.00%     66.70% |       13614      4.14%     70.84% |       14669      4.46%     75.30% |       13594      4.13%     79.43% |       14500      4.41%     83.84% |       13569      4.12%     87.96% |       14747      4.48%     92.45% |       12034      3.66%     96.10% |       12813      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       328954                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
