
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153870                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153869672000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330037750500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57442                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   109392                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              137009472                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4120804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1123.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64510689                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122854176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25346112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25346112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21421888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21421888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       396033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             396033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164724547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164724547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139220990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139220990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303945536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303945536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     396034                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334717                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   396034                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334717                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25345088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21421696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25346176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21421888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            25003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            25030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            25104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            20996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   152012                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    19214                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153869408500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               396034                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334717                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                157517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  51492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  52015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  53704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  22425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  39754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       249339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   187.558176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   144.479564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   141.791380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        93091     37.34%     37.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        67999     27.27%     64.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70648     28.33%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9009      3.61%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4870      1.95%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1660      0.67%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          797      0.32%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          576      0.23%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          689      0.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       249339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.945448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.977102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49834     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.715596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.098311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.538511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40139     80.53%     80.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1578      3.17%     83.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5644     11.32%     95.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2480      4.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 69568273477                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            76993592227                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1980085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   175669.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              194419.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  279882                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 201496                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                70.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               60.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210563.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   65.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5137860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122160674250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              947441880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              937349280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              516957375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              511450500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1551193800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1537387800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086417360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082276640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10049654160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10049654160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61150128390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60892898220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38678144250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38903784750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113979937215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113914801350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          740.781994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          740.358661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24526848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24526848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20653952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20653952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       383232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             383232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       322718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            322718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159400145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159400145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134230169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134230169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293630313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293630313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     383232                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    322718                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   383232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  322718                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24525888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20653824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24526848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20653952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            19995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                   135507                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    18474                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153868936000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               383232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              322718                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                140925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  48499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  49497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  50566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  52146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  21136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  37792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       218667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.611002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.937982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.726473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        61361     28.06%     28.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        67855     31.03%     59.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70907     32.43%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9040      4.13%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5406      2.47%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1723      0.79%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          934      0.43%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          652      0.30%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          789      0.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       218667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.977829                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.642433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48029     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.718351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.096299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.552884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38447     80.04%     80.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1868      3.89%     83.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5149     10.72%     94.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2571      5.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 64508140845                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            71693459595                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1916085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   168333.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              187083.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  277278                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 209978                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               65.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217960.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   69.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5137860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121684609500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              832446720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              820517040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              454212000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              447702750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1501991400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486789200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1047945600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1043027280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10049654160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10049654160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60117757785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59642348715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39583732500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40000758000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113587740165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113490797145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          738.233015                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          737.602959                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24527744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24527744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20655552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20655552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       383246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             383246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       322743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            322743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159405968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159405968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134240567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134240567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293646535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293646535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     383246                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    322743                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   383246                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  322743                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24526592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20655424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24527744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20655552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            19997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                   133467                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    19010                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153868738000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               383246                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              322743                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                139012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  48515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  49473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  50471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  52168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  20917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  38286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       217954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.297760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.637568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.648355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        60698     27.85%     27.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        67119     30.80%     58.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71462     32.79%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9096      4.17%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5510      2.53%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1769      0.81%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          831      0.38%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          627      0.29%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          842      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       217954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.970922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.700455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48072     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.712862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.092827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.548554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38509     80.10%     80.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1887      3.92%     84.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5037     10.48%     94.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2645      5.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 64036839381                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            71222364381                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1916140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   167098.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              185848.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  277458                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 210547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               65.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217947.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   69.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5137860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121587888250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              830791080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              816774840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              453308625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              445660875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1502241000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1486641000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1047952080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1043202240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10049654160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10049654160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59695092810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59231662290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39954491250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40361009250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113533531005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113434604655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          737.880697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          737.237751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24507584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24507584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20653504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20653504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       322711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            322711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159274948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159274948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134227257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134227257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293502205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293502205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382931                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    322711                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382931                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  322711                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24506944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20653376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24507584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20653504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            19990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                   135158                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    18437                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153868556000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382931                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              322711                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  1409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  1334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  1373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  2807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                140525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  48418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  49409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  50519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  21461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  37402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       216684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   208.412324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.750551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.601772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        59600     27.51%     27.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        66940     30.89%     58.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71447     32.97%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9336      4.31%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5363      2.48%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1657      0.76%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          871      0.40%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          646      0.30%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          824      0.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       216684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.970650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.088132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48035     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.717366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.096766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.546375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38422     79.98%     79.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1869      3.89%     83.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5197     10.82%     94.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2553      5.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 64630505836                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            71810274586                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1914605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   168782.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              187532.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  277600                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 211336                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               65.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    218054.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   69.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26224936750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5137860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122501612500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              823903920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              814030560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              449550750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              444163500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1500493800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485954600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1047783600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1043137440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10049654160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10049654160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59872737015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59325775560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39798693000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278483750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113542816245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113441199570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          737.940804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          737.280374                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size               1024                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket               10239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13539482                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 44.761902                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.244050                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                87.211046                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    13536997     99.98%     99.98% |        2335      0.02%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13539482                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43644739                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.098502                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.661252                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.054353                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41549440     95.20%     95.20% |     1446540      3.31%     98.51% |       48095      0.11%     98.62% |       56107      0.13%     98.75% |       46304      0.11%     98.86% |       66280      0.15%     99.01% |       93734      0.21%     99.23% |      224155      0.51%     99.74% |      114084      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43644739                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43644737                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              50.703845                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.781770                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            402.387200                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43261621     99.12%     99.12% |      251142      0.58%     99.70% |      105109      0.24%     99.94% |       20029      0.05%     99.98% |        2816      0.01%     99.99% |        2643      0.01%    100.00% |        1355      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43644737                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41472942                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000135                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000116                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.011732                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41467403     99.99%     99.99% |        5503      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41472942                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171795                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        961.661464                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       314.737006                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1542.912810                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1788679     82.36%     82.36% |      251142     11.56%     93.92% |      105109      4.84%     98.76% |       20029      0.92%     99.69% |        2816      0.13%     99.81% |        2643      0.12%     99.94% |        1355      0.06%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171795                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         165888                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       165888                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         1649                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         1451                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         1488                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles         1466                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26887038                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1313572                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28200610                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14579814                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127054                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14706868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       477042                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46142                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       187967                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130596                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78031                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22849                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         7979                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          228                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        28797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         9941                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22849                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         8043                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25995                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         9109                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          195                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         8089                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25992                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26206                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         9034                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          193                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         8141                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25992                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         9207                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          204                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25427                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25631                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         9092                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          206                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         8990                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          232                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        28799                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        10114                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         8095                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22848                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         8248                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22850                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         8129                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28575                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        28797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        10195                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          209                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25998                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         9165                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits          189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22850                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles         8105                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits          197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles         8132                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits          196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles         8174                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits          207                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25421                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25628                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles         9047                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits          200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles         8152                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits          192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22848                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles         8314                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits          217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25413                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles         9048                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits          191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22848                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles         8082                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits          194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles         8178                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits          198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles         8079                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits          197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles         8073                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits          194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles         8083                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits          214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25994                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        26208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles         9163                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits          217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25413                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        25630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles         8963                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       117949                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        60582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178531                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20166                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47914                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16821                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47965                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64786                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16228                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12589                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47993                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60582                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47955                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60482                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12899                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47850                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60749                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15284                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14942                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47928                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15791                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47958                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63749                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64355                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62353                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16273                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64137                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19070                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66948                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67974                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        64039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16885                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64819                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18415                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47974                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66389                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64206                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18424                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66236                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20358                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19326                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47870                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47876                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62066                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47837                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75244                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13695                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58916                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10855                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47963                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62547                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        63030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21029801                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21029801                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     21240030                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21029801                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8581347                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8570209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21029801                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.068336                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9064090                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9064090                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9256778                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9064090                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4118050                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4100546                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9064090                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.029454                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      6381830                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      6381830                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6527831                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6381830                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2330956                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2324582                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      6381830                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.020738                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      5394095                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      5394095                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5540650                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5394095                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2029992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2024587                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      5394095                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.017528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      7660009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      7660009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7864731                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7660009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3221725                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3211469                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      7660009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.024891                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8350936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8350936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8682828                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8350936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3488447                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3470084                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8350936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.027136                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      8747650                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      8747650                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8938203                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8747650                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3151038                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3141870                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      8747650                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028426                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      5886797                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      5886797                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6071288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5886797                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2270454                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2260669                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      5886797                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019129                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3562018                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3562018                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3646995                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3562018                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1372288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1367154                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3562018                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.011575                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4768718                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4768718                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4884244                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4768718                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2027705                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2020782                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4768718                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.015496                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      4118793                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      4118793                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4246471                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4118793                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1602670                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1596201                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      4118793                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.013384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3874932                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3874932                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3973437                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3874932                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1458030                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1451756                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3874932                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.012592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      5352681                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      5352681                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5476948                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5352681                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2216720                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2210033                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      5352681                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.017394                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      4343525                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      4343525                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4467319                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4343525                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1665889                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1659177                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      4343525                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014114                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2639493                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2639493                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2715294                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2639493                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1038466                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1032549                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2639493                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008577                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3904966                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3904966                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4035301                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3904966                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1521030                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1512126                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3904966                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012689                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      5059746                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      5059746                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5191093                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5059746                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1905845                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1897674                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      5059746                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.016442                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      4134021                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      4134021                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4268962                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4134021                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1618174                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1610485                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      4134021                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013434                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      4236421                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      4236421                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4398516                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4236421                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1646195                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1635285                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      4236421                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013766                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2703426                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2703426                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2780636                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2703426                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1063554                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1057698                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2703426                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008785                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2105325                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2105325                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2130772                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2105325                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       844090                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       842493                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2105325                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.006841                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2898562                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2898562                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2952521                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2898562                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1222757                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1220294                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2898562                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.009419                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2643469                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2643469                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2700616                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2643469                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1062771                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1060333                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2643469                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008590                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1766710                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1766710                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1797388                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1766710                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       698073                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       696662                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1766710                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005741                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2090388                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2090388                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2122108                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2090388                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       809602                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       808108                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2090388                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.006793                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2859406                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2859406                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2909404                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2859406                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1193751                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1191914                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2859406                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009292                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2602489                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2602489                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2661519                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2602489                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1037415                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1035121                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2602489                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008457                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1787933                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1787933                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1811068                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1787933                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       705785                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       704437                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1787933                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005810                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7795209                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7795209                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8288421                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7795209                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2890729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2876705                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7795208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025331                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      8144618                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      8144618                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8539454                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8144618                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3011487                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3000730                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      8144618                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.026466                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8285210                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8285210                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8872006                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8285210                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3110148                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3091082                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8285210                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.026923                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8721082                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8721082                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9267223                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8721082                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3272557                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3255218                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8721082                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.028339                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12679761     28.95%     28.95% |    29000360     66.21%     95.15% |     2122235      4.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43802356                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12679762     28.95%     28.95% |    29000361     66.21%     95.15% |     2122235      4.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43802358                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   478680167                       |   718642700                       |    49401773                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   565142514                       |   121184574                       |     2122235                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.751513                       |   24.780475                       |   23.278182                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   44.570439                       |    4.178727                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.462502                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    15.717176                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         44.179678                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002286                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.053078      7.54%      7.54% |    0.053009      7.53%     15.06% |    0.051626      7.33%     22.40% |    0.051664      7.34%     29.73% |    0.114832     16.31%     46.04% |    0.114807     16.30%     62.34% |    0.114735     16.29%     78.63% |    0.114653     16.28%     94.91% |    0.008952      1.27%     96.19% |    0.008956      1.27%     97.46% |    0.008955      1.27%     98.73% |    0.008954      1.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.704222                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017559                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027823                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000542                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000494                       |    0.000435                       |    0.000496                       |    0.000438                       |    0.000493                       |    0.000482                       |    0.000482                       |    0.000542                       |    0.000437                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000433                       |    0.000542                       |    0.000493                       |    0.000436                       |    0.000433                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000482                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000433                       |    0.000483                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000433                       |    0.000433                       |    0.000438                       |    0.000434                       |    0.000496                       |    0.000482                       |    0.004524                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002028                       |    0.002021                       |    0.002011                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001959                       |    0.001958                       |    0.002031                       |    0.002035                       |    0.002074                       |    0.002063                       |    0.001993                       |    0.002005                       |    0.001990                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002042                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002055                       |    0.002067                       |    0.002063                       |    0.002116                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002060                       |    0.002075                       |    0.002106                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002099                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002116                       |    0.002273                       |    0.002226                       |    0.007716                       |    0.007465                       |    0.007466                       |    0.007460                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000424                       |    0.000963                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000023                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000020                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000021                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000021                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000020                       |    0.000020                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000015                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002200                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |    0.000016                       |    0.002481                       |    0.001620                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002145                       |    0.000016                       |    0.002706                       |    0.004627                       |    0.001636                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002274                       |    0.006842                       |    0.000017                       |    0.005162                       |    0.008125                       |    0.002466                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002140                       |    0.000017                       |    0.005283                       |    0.003743                       |    0.009110                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002123                       |    0.000023                       |    0.007759                       |    0.004464                       |    0.002604                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002240                       |    0.006602                       |    0.000017                       |    0.008751                       |    0.005111                       |    0.003300                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002183                       |    0.000019                       |    0.004664                       |    0.002662                       |    0.002569                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002212                       |    0.000018                       |    0.002459                       |    0.001609                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002247                       |    0.000019                       |    0.001544                       |    0.002500                       |    0.002615                       |    0.000505                       |    0.002138                       |    0.000019                       |    0.001446                       |    0.004217                       |    0.004689                       |    0.002481                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002119                       |    0.000018                       |    0.005110                       |    0.007878                       |    0.005757                       |    0.003566                       |    0.027719                       |    0.003986                       |    0.000424                       |    0.002376                       |    0.013550                       |    0.016893                       |    0.003389                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002244                       |    0.000963                       |    0.002448                       |    0.006297                       |    0.014103                       |    0.003398                       |    0.000506                       |    0.002110                       |    0.000020                       |    0.007305                       |    0.004910                       |    0.007910                       |    0.004375                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002117                       |    0.000021                       |    0.002458                       |    0.004635                       |    0.004198                       |    0.003409                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002239                       |    0.000017                       |    0.001554                       |    0.002446                       |    0.002591                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002255                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000964                       |    0.002476                       |    0.002434                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002182                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000935                       |    0.002703                       |    0.004700                       |    0.002352                       |    0.000506                       |    0.002409                       |    0.006603                       |    0.000019                       |    0.001724                       |    0.005151                       |    0.008156                       |    0.002355                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002076                       |    0.000017                       |    0.014403                       |    0.005244                       |    0.003755                       |    0.002486                       |    0.000506                       |    0.002083                       |    0.000021                       |    0.001946                       |    0.007690                       |    0.004443                       |    0.002441                       |    0.000494                       |    0.002337                       |    0.006600                       |    0.000019                       |    0.002577                       |    0.008760                       |    0.005130                       |    0.002421                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002119                       |    0.000017                       |    0.001912                       |    0.004521                       |    0.002666                       |    0.002435                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002204                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000927                       |    0.002403                       |    0.002463                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002199                       |    0.000015                       |    0.000685                       |    0.002398                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002116                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000703                       |    0.000799                       |    0.004500                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002119                       |    0.000017                       |    0.003158                       |    0.001388                       |    0.005564                       |    0.000556                       |    0.002163                       |    0.000020                       |    0.006779                       |    0.003389                       |    0.003534                       |    0.000505                       |    0.002155                       |    0.000020                       |    0.000742                       |    0.005787                       |    0.004224                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002184                       |    0.000017                       |    0.004813                       |    0.004911                       |    0.001397                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002198                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000713                       |    0.004614                       |    0.000799                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002226                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000686                       |    0.002437                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.704222                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14467648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14467648                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694935                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11818163                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11163400                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.459689                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          571564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29679                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14663612                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95048                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22438282                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188699                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14758660                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22626981                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37101894                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283747                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37385641                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14714048                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14724144                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14714048                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14724144                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300912689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47166056                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76076975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14467648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11734964                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247617817                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       209588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       374222                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       349579                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14713443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341374                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296628772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.503716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.704715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265921128     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5807701      1.96%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1711440      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1354056      0.46%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4953468      1.67%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5250236      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1186222      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614789      0.21%     96.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9829732      3.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296628772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048079                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.252821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28211203                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243841500                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17707505                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6107747                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141406845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30932660                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151390242                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16932336                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20795242                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75817475                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138105108                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2712810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150420533                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311430179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187077828                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132738350                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682153                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41472017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7849987                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22998271                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1013728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       777630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135283838                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       573158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139432792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17047858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141890                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296628772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239719709     80.81%     80.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22416761      7.56%     88.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13685038      4.61%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8638882      2.91%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3417077      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3975577      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730214      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562280      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483234      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296628772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123994      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954618     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324153     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504834      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101157859     72.55%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14880922     10.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22773103     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139432792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463366                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402765                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010061                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577191537                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148466861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130270398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140330695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1509249                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2778                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10063                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075076                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8238778                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5588342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142715988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135856996                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7849987                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22998271                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       564065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          99266                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10063                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369043                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776075                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138132092                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14652955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37130325                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12113047                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22477370                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459044                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130411594                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130270418                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          77956890                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112099120                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.432918                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12929777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       431268                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294401863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.206057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245328497     83.33%     83.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19169325      6.51%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10978438      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10785755      3.66%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2236095      0.76%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       499797      0.17%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390339      0.81%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523628      0.18%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2489989      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294401863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64510688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122854173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28431882                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6508695                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11407183                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122281002                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       489503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94091069     76.59%     76.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6508695      5.30%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21923187     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122854173                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2489989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427487721                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           273807365                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88165                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4283917                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64510688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122854173                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.664540                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.664540                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190538019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95085567                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60438296                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45328292                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61884410                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2438991500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2438991499.999998                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size         1024                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket        10239                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6180932                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        66.755339                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       34.491758                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      124.887560                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6178447     99.96%     99.96% |        2335      0.04%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6180932                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7278226                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.286325                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.876697                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.092452                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     7274088     99.94%     99.94% |        3118      0.04%     99.99% |         637      0.01%     99.99% |         218      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7278226                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         80324                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.454634                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.147393                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.800390                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       10667     13.28%     13.28% |       42663     53.11%     66.39% |       23970     29.84%     96.24% |        2982      3.71%     99.95% |          41      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           80324                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6153515                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           85.266667                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.190781                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         538.009653                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6055449     98.41%     98.41% |       66351      1.08%     99.48% |       24350      0.40%     99.88% |        5283      0.09%     99.97% |        1134      0.02%     99.98% |         615      0.01%     99.99% |         328      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6153515                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5704489                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000639                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000551                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025336                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5700852     99.94%     99.94% |        3633      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5704489                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       449026                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1130.385782                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    292.138834                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1669.873386                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      350960     78.16%     78.16% |       66351     14.78%     92.94% |       24350      5.42%     98.36% |        5283      1.18%     99.54% |        1134      0.25%     99.79% |         615      0.14%     99.93% |         328      0.07%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        449026                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22457972                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           72.535308                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.197258                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         482.654682                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22172990     98.73%     98.73% |      184740      0.82%     99.55% |       80745      0.36%     99.91% |       14743      0.07%     99.98% |        1682      0.01%     99.99% |        2028      0.01%    100.00% |        1027      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22457972                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20890396                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000088                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000076                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009644                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20888596     99.99%     99.99% |        1768      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20890396                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1567576                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     999.200600                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    368.489146                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1553.804545                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1282594     81.82%     81.82% |      184740     11.79%     93.61% |       80745      5.15%     98.76% |       14743      0.94%     99.70% |        1682      0.11%     99.80% |        2028      0.13%     99.93% |        1027      0.07%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1567576                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14706866                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.762538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085495                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.913890                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14706746    100.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14706866                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14579814                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14579812    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14579814                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127052                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    91.267292                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.579004                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev   107.612854                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126932     99.91%     99.91% |          53      0.04%     99.95% |          34      0.03%     99.97% |          16      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127052                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325078                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.087290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019583                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.648000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      324955     99.96%     99.96% |         119      0.04%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325078                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296965                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296865     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296965                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   108.075161                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.288054                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.770066                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       27990     99.56%     99.56% |         119      0.42%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13054                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      4296034                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       117281                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    11150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     9143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    14008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    11492                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    11213                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     9086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    14029                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     9103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    11218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     9080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   14057                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                    9115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   11113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    9086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   14011                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                    9122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   11180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   11445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   11169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   11467                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   14024                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   11454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   11193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                    9129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   11148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    9083                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   11217                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    9076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   14025                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   11431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   14062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                    9089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                   11184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                    9067                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                   11168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                    9106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   11153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    9084                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   11160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                   11442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                   11183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                    9106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                   11122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                    9079                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                   11182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                   11466                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                   11204                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                    9098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                   11169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    9119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                   11202                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                    9115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                   11178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                    9107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                   11149                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                    9100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                   14032                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    9127                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                   11220                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                   11459                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1554                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1864                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   1500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   1491                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   1843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   1297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1486                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   1320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  1815                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  1591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  1314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  1278                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  1524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  1547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  1535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  1525                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  1848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  1538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  1511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  1271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                  1556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  1317                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  1487                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  1324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                  1847                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  1561                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  1810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  1311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                  1520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                  1333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                  1536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                  1294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                  1551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                  1316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                  1544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                  1550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                  1521                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                  1294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                  1582                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                  1321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                  1522                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                  1526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                  1500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                  1302                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                  1535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                  1281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                  1502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                  1285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                  1526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                  1293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                  1555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                  1300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                  1840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                  1273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                  1484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                  1533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     7254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     6118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     8999                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     7572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     7189                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     6079                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     9056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     6082                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     7345                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     6132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    8983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    5971                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    7407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    6236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    9278                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    6150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    7420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    7833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    7284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    7759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    9178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    7728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    7375                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    6168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    7485                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    6324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    7269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    6258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    9237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    7893                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    9084                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    6136                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                    7307                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                    6248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                    7371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                    6258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                    7444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                    6253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                    7379                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                    7732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                    7424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                    6268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                    7558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                    6354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                    7349                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                    7788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                    7367                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                    6162                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                    7419                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                    6260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                    7289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                    6251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                    7345                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                    6142                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                    7310                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                    6156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                    9189                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                    6153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                    7215                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                    7729                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses               15872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses               10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses               12704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses               12992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1783788                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 1493050                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1791128                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1506121                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1728176                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 1495998                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1820167                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 1495988                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 1720011                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 1513889                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                1777127                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles             4296388225                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles             4296761316                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles             4296462243                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles             4296803714                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4296450881                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4296754740                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4296556721                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4296748677                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4296544831                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4296793959                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4296508191                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4296690614                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4296421304                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles             4296709700                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles             4296522357                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles             4296705025                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles             4296486470                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles             4296817322                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles             4296502888                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles             4296751614                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles             4296443514                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles             4296743904                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles             4296439242                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles             4296723834                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles             4296447097                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles             4296746119                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles             4296481621                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles             4296760852                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles             4296501193                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles             4296767022                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles             4296505995                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles             4296779881                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles             4296522234                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles             4296737800                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles             4296517847                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles             4296738636                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles             4296457672                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles             4296761277                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles             4296472717                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles             4296747442                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles             4296454282                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles             4296742286                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles             4296432580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles             4296745808                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles             4296454660                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles             4296817975                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles             4296456695                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles             4296689860                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles             4296515338                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                    3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   3305                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                   2649                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                   4592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                   2656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                   3680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                   3312                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  9687                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                  7751                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                 11280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  7744                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                  9024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                  9680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 3148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 2349                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3962                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 2917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 3167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 2310                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 3967                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 2329                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 3184                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 2317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                3966                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                2325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                2318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                3982                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                2328                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                3182                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                2913                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                3140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                2912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                3969                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                2929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3162                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits                2328                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                3168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                2308                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                3184                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                2312                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                3956                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                2887                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                4001                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                2317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3177                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits                2298                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                3164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                2315                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                3165                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                2332                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits                3148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                2912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                3186                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits                2320                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                3116                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits                2313                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                3194                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                2931                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits                3192                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits                2319                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits                3152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                2334                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                3171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits                2325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                3157                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits                2325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                3169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits                2324                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits                3998                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                2338                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits                3183                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits                2928                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                532                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                307                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                630                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                395                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                513                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                346                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                625                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                327                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                339                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               626                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               331                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               540                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               338                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               610                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               328                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               498                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               399                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               540                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               400                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses               623                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               383                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               518                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               328                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               512                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               348                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               344                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               636                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               425                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               591                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               339                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               503                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               358                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               516                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses               334                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               515                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               324                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               532                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               393                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses               494                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses               329                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses               564                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses               343                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses               486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses               381                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses               488                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses               337                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses               528                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses               315                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses               509                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses               324                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses               523                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses               331                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses               511                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses               332                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses               594                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses               318                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses               497                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses               384                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8002                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                6794                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               10046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                8575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                8046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                6776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               10062                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                6774                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                8034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6763                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              10091                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               6790                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               7973                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               6768                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              10029                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6794                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               7998                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               8532                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               8029                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               8555                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              10055                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               8525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               8031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               6801                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               7980                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               6775                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               8033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               6764                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits              10069                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               8544                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits              10061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               6772                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               8007                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               6769                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               8004                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits               6791                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               7988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               6752                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               8012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               8530                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               7997                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits               6786                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               8006                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               6766                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits               7988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               8535                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               8012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               6779                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits               8017                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits               6785                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits               8031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits               6790                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               8021                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits               6782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits               7980                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits               6776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits              10034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               6789                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits               8037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits               8531                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1022                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               950                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1234                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1105                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               978                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               968                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               970                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               990                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               981                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1189                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              954                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1051                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              976                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1251                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              950                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses             1026                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses             1148                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              995                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             1125                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses             1225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses             1155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              993                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses              943                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses             1044                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              969                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              991                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              980                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses             1211                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses             1136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             1219                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses              972                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses             1017                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses              975                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses             1020                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses              960                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses             1036                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses              992                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses             1012                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses             1157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses             1027                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses              965                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses             1018                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses              978                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses             1036                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses             1145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses             1012                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses              965                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses             1007                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses              966                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses              993                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses              961                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses             1003                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses              962                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses             1044                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses              968                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses             1246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses              955                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses              987                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses             1149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2425247                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2029464                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2587758                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2167660                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2417672                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2034897                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2591547                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2035502                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2435685                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2035802                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2568911                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2028451                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2433926                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2015789                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2587989                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2041548                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2453035                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               2165259                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2435170                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2169629                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               2587715                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2151322                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2411151                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2035285                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               2427491                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               2068850                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               2425701                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               2041299                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               2587398                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               2172383                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles               2582923                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               2031824                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               2429220                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               2035422                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles               2446873                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles               2041746                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               2432417                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               2054210                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               2425645                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles               2164727                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles               2425844                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles               2062363                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles               2459387                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               2069232                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles               2433543                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles               2166537                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               2407125                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles               2033699                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles               2444241                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles               2033571                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles               2412799                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles               2054155                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles               2409738                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles               2020241                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles               2447120                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles               2036269                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles               2589221                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles               2019242                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles               2420503                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles               2144956                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                      80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2155800                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1745215                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2271250                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1844154                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2107150                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1780892                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2189963                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1815458                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2222725                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1729419                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2222435                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1726735                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2156686                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1781897                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2266561                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1734858                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2265880                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1845423                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              2221526                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1841351                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              2255315                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1775542                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2156884                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1740213                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              2119730                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              1709123                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              2169340                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1725643                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              2224813                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              1745564                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles              2231220                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1721238                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              2187127                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              1786140                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles              2256182                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles              1672166                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              2107426                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1833297                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              2123310                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles              1780374                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles              2107119                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles              1782749                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles              2281513                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              1785891                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles              2151622                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles              1729105                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles              2091135                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles              1594375                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles              2223770                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles              1547295                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles              2117158                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles              1826237                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles              2129359                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles              1765505                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles              2230668                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles              1727066                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles              2174379                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles              1760802                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles              2194535                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles              1838344                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            186641                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles            162313                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles            161901                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles            185960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            129504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles            148768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles            161880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              1974721                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1886341                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2330711                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2052309                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2096363                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              1952173                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2360606                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1871749                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              1925549                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2129367                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2349734                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             1982056                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2147525                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1964534                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2164772                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2032902                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1928590                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             2287009                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             1913036                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             2103974                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             2189010                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2264050                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1968752                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             2083019                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             2072808                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles             2039072                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             1996810                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             2049021                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles             2207013                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             2267152                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles             2362033                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles             2054682                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles             2102170                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles             1917983                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles             1915527                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles             2048196                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles             2185255                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles             1953638                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles             2079837                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles             2317841                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles             2142732                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles             1886869                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles             1899225                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles             1935765                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles             2169116                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles             2295749                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles             2156679                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles             2258569                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles             2012134                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles             2238678                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles             2100963                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles             1930565                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles             2010239                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles             1934971                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles             2041831                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles             2008372                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles             2359017                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles             2000474                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles             1887845                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles             2247655                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2155800                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1745215                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2271250                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1844154                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2107150                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1780892                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2189963                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1815458                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2222725                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1729419                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2222435                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1726735                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2156686                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1781897                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2266561                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1734858                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2265880                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1845423                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         2221526                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1841351                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         2255315                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1775542                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2156884                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1740213                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         2119730                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         1709123                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         2169340                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1725643                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         2224813                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         1745564                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time         2231220                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1721238                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         2187127                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         1786140                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time         2256182                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time         1672166                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         2107426                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1833297                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         2123310                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time         1780374                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time         2107119                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time         1782749                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time         2281513                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         1785891                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time         2151622                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time         1729105                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time         2091135                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time         1594375                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time         2223770                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time         1547295                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time         2117158                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time         1826237                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time         2129359                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time         1765505                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time         2230668                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time         1727066                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time         2174379                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time         1760802                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time         2194535                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time         1838344                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        161880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       185791                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       161880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       161880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       161880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       161880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time       161673                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time       161673                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time       185960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       129504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time       148768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time       161880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1891922                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1734225                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2038970                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1799737                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1937617                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1755689                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2039216                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1726971                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1925549                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1766189                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2031734                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1737413                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1924282                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1726772                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2026202                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1747442                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1922877                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        1846564                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1913036                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1827170                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        2022322                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1837797                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1900831                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        1747073                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time        1925834                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time        1714193                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        1923223                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        1746505                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time        2019762                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        1820310                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time        2055105                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time        1740840                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time        1959292                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time        1726307                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time        1908476                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time        1736058                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time        1960431                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time        1766455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time        1923714                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time        1849623                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time        1911508                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time        1741096                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time        1899225                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time        1728189                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time        1939717                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time        1839986                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time        1936845                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time        1757143                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time        1946286                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time        1731750                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time        1943365                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time        1783972                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time        1873280                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time        1744150                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time        1929752                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time        1741653                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time        2045706                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time        1747696                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time        1887845                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time        1831832                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2411300                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2021370                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2578460                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2155519                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2408374                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2028818                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2577600                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2023361                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2417092                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2027708                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2559613                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2020357                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2424628                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2010181                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2569937                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2037501                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2434439                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           2157165                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2416574                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2157488                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           2573768                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2143228                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2397204                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2031238                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           2418193                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           2060756                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           2411754                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           2033205                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           2564187                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           2164289                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time           2568976                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           2023730                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           2415273                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           2027328                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time           2429667                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time           2029605                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           2427768                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           2048699                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           2416347                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time           2164727                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time           2422405                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time           2046175                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time           2440791                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           2057486                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time           2424245                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time           2158443                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           2402476                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time           2030700                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time           2430294                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time           2026637                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time           2403501                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time           2046210                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time           2400440                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time           2014451                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time           2433183                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time           2024128                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time           2579999                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time           2015195                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time           2402033                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time           2140909                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305557635                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305557631                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305557637                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305557633                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305557642                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305557638                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305557654                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305557650                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        302962466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        305557659                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        302962462                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        305557655                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        302962458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        305557651                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        302962464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        305557657                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        302962478                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        305557671                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        302962474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        305557667                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        302962470                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        305557663                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        302962466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        305557659                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        302962475                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        305557668                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        302962481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles        305557674                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles        302962487                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        305557680                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        302962483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        305557676                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles        302962492                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles        305557685                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        302962498                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        305557691                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        302962489                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles        305557682                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles        302962485                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        305557678                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        302962494                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        305557687                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles        302962500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles        305557693                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        302962491                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        305557684                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        302962488                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles        305557681                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles        302962496                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        305557689                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        302962492                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        305557685                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2399195                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2023696                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2585247                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2165615                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2412344                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2014354                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2580161                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2009881                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2419591                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2021540                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2562083                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2016817                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2431730                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2003786                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2581521                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2038235                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2439642                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         2153852                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2428325                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2159281                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         2571960                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2127565                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2396788                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2020342                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         2409130                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         2055254                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2415915                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2026580                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         2569887                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         2170441                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         2571962                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2027869                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         2425653                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         2017286                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         2441976                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles         2032728                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         2417796                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         2036147                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         2423363                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         2161691                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles         2423823                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         2057212                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         2455842                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         2066199                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         2426731                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles         2149456                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         2397013                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         2031032                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles         2436634                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles         2031340                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles         2401895                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles         2049006                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles         2397352                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         1998586                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles         2443127                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles         2023938                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         2586588                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles         2015628                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles         2397748                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         2141724                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               222                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              235                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              229                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              222                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              230                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              186                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              278                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0              229                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0              180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0              184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0              227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0              180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0              234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0              185                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0              227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0              221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0              224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0              181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0              228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0              180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0              228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0              226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0              180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0              231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0              180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0              286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0              179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0              221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0              224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1753                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2627                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1827                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1809                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             2642                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1920                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1922                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             2327                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1745                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1876                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             2021                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             2051                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2099                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             2442                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             2111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1726                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1821                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             1585                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             2027                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1644                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             2393                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             2509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1765                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             1995                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1670                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1             1647                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1868                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             1631                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             2122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1             1867                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1             1632                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1             1796                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1             1548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1             1934                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1             2052                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1             1921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1             1738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1             1905                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1             1626                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1             2016                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1             1643                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1             1976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1             1753                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1             1994                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1             1740                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1             2399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1             1730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1             2085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1             2111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2               667                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               467                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2               912                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2               672                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2               636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2               875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2               561                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2               619                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               517                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2              873                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2              507                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2              604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              456                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2              804                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2              443                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2              617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              592                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2              622                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2              614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2              878                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2              604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2              463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2              560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              416                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2              586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2              466                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2              810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2              800                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2              488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2              623                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2              492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2              596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2              458                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2              572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2              448                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2              595                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2              614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2              586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2              465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2              546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2              441                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2              636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2              578                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2              651                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2              488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2              585                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2              502                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2              597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2              431                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2              627                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2              493                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2              658                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2              474                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2              845                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2              458                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2              693                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2              610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1420513                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1224905                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1410207                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         1186255                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1393842                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1211501                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         1421201                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         1199879                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         1371434                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         1242385                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        1386491                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        1146066                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        1399706                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        1208335                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        1399476                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        1221791                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles        1407717                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles        1259377                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles        1403185                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles        1250770                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        1428490                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles        1226376                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles        1353406                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles        1175715                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles        1367713                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles        1278456                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles        1351224                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles        1239739                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles        1408569                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles        1226024                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles        1415663                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles        1231606                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles        1408847                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles        1182230                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles        1393321                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles        1206776                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles        1418077                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles        1247451                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles        1431521                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles        1200777                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles        1430097                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles        1244210                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles        1418358                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles        1272677                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles        1393744                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles        1232982                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles        1406094                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles        1223366                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles        1417624                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles        1236353                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles        1406348                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles        1218104                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles        1397708                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles        1170607                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles        1410985                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles        1195149                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles        1480267                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles        1228649                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles        1346328                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles        1252290                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      396007     25.62%     25.62% |      383232     24.80%     50.42% |      383246     24.80%     75.22% |      382931     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1545416                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328886     25.70%     25.70% |      316880     24.77%     50.47% |      316902     24.77%     75.24% |      316868     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1279536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      396033     25.63%     25.63% |      383232     24.80%     50.42% |      383246     24.80%     75.22% |      382931     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1545442                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334717     25.69%     25.69% |      322718     24.77%     50.46% |      322743     24.77%     75.23% |      322711     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1302889                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       58929     25.28%     25.28% |       58160     24.95%     50.23% |       58152     24.95%     75.17% |       57871     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       233112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      396007     25.62%     25.62% |      383232     24.80%     50.42% |      383246     24.80%     75.22% |      382931     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1545416                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328630     25.70%     25.70% |      316686     24.77%     50.47% |      316711     24.77%     75.23% |      316679     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1278706                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       58929     25.28%     25.28% |       58160     24.95%     50.23% |       58152     24.95%     75.17% |       57871     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       233112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      396006     25.62%     25.62% |      383232     24.80%     50.42% |      383246     24.80%     75.22% |      382931     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1545415                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328630     25.70%     25.70% |      316686     24.77%     50.47% |      316711     24.77%     75.23% |      316679     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1278706                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5954611     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |        6272      0.10%     96.84% |        7840      0.13%     96.97% |        6272      0.10%     97.07% |        7184      0.12%     97.19% |        6272      0.10%     97.29% |        7184      0.12%     97.41% |        6272      0.10%     97.51% |        7184      0.12%     97.62% |        6928      0.11%     97.74% |        6928      0.11%     97.85% |        7840      0.13%     97.98% |        6272      0.10%     98.08% |        6272      0.10%     98.18% |        6272      0.10%     98.28% |        7840      0.13%     98.41% |        7184      0.12%     98.53% |        6272      0.10%     98.63% |        6272      0.10%     98.73% |        6272      0.10%     98.83% |        6928      0.11%     98.94% |        6272      0.10%     99.05% |        6272      0.10%     99.15% |        6928      0.11%     99.26% |        6272      0.10%     99.36% |        6272      0.10%     99.47% |        6272      0.10%     99.57% |        6272      0.10%     99.67% |        6272      0.10%     99.77% |        7184      0.12%     99.89% |        6928      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6155329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14706916    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14706916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22248182     97.64%     97.64% |           0      0.00%     97.64% |       16771      0.07%     97.72% |       20959      0.09%     97.81% |       16769      0.07%     97.88% |       19024      0.08%     97.97% |       16769      0.07%     98.04% |       19025      0.08%     98.12% |       16770      0.07%     98.20% |       19024      0.08%     98.28% |       18705      0.08%     98.36% |       18705      0.08%     98.45% |       20963      0.09%     98.54% |       16769      0.07%     98.61% |       16770      0.07%     98.69% |       16770      0.07%     98.76% |       20959      0.09%     98.85% |       19026      0.08%     98.93% |       16770      0.07%     99.01% |       16771      0.07%     99.08% |       16770      0.07%     99.16% |       18702      0.08%     99.24% |       16769      0.07%     99.31% |       16772      0.07%     99.38% |       18705      0.08%     99.47% |       16770      0.07%     99.54% |       16770      0.07%     99.61% |       16770      0.07%     99.69% |       16770      0.07%     99.76% |       16771      0.07%     99.83% |       19026      0.08%     99.92% |       18704      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22784800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       19594     24.40%     24.40% |          14      0.02%     24.42% |        2230      2.78%     27.19% |        1920      2.39%     29.58% |        2153      2.68%     32.27% |        1914      2.38%     34.65% |        2228      2.77%     37.42% |        1746      2.17%     39.60% |        2134      2.66%     42.25% |        1623      2.02%     44.28% |        1917      2.39%     46.66% |        1733      2.16%     48.82% |        1313      1.63%     50.46% |        2112      2.63%     53.09% |        2040      2.54%     55.63% |        2343      2.92%     58.54% |        1621      2.02%     60.56% |        2134      2.66%     63.22% |        2344      2.92%     66.14% |        1899      2.36%     68.50% |        2298      2.86%     71.36% |        1904      2.37%     73.74% |        2214      2.76%     76.49% |        2361      2.94%     79.43% |        2097      2.61%     82.04% |        2219      2.76%     84.81% |        1816      2.26%     87.07% |        2028      2.53%     89.59% |        2481      3.09%     92.68% |        2204      2.74%     95.43% |        2038      2.54%     97.97% |        1634      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        80306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434316     66.71%     66.71% |           0      0.00%     66.71% |       22337      1.04%     67.75% |       28058      1.30%     69.05% |       22337      1.04%     70.09% |       25483      1.19%     71.28% |       22333      1.04%     72.31% |       25482      1.19%     73.50% |       22335      1.04%     74.54% |       25484      1.19%     75.72% |       24918      1.16%     76.88% |       24912      1.16%     78.04% |       28055      1.30%     79.35% |       22331      1.04%     80.38% |       22341      1.04%     81.42% |       22338      1.04%     82.46% |       28063      1.31%     83.77% |       25487      1.19%     84.95% |       22339      1.04%     85.99% |       22331      1.04%     87.03% |       22331      1.04%     88.07% |       24909      1.16%     89.23% |       22329      1.04%     90.27% |       22336      1.04%     91.31% |       24904      1.16%     92.46% |       22336      1.04%     93.50% |       22334      1.04%     94.54% |       22329      1.04%     95.58% |       22330      1.04%     96.62% |       22334      1.04%     97.66% |       25484      1.19%     98.84% |       24901      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2150137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           3     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      248851     55.77%     55.77% |          12      0.00%     55.78% |        6170      1.38%     57.16% |        7712      1.73%     58.89% |        6166      1.38%     60.27% |        7067      1.58%     61.85% |        6164      1.38%     63.23% |        7062      1.58%     64.82% |        6165      1.38%     66.20% |        7064      1.58%     67.78% |        6813      1.53%     69.31% |        6814      1.53%     70.84% |        7710      1.73%     72.56% |        6163      1.38%     73.95% |        6168      1.38%     75.33% |        6166      1.38%     76.71% |        7715      1.73%     78.44% |        7066      1.58%     80.02% |        6168      1.38%     81.40% |        6164      1.38%     82.79% |        6163      1.38%     84.17% |        6811      1.53%     85.69% |        6164      1.38%     87.08% |        6165      1.38%     88.46% |        6809      1.53%     89.98% |        6167      1.38%     91.37% |        6167      1.38%     92.75% |        6162      1.38%     94.13% |        6163      1.38%     95.51% |        6165      1.38%     96.89% |        7064      1.58%     98.47% |        6806      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       446186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           4     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191757     69.06%     69.06% |           0      0.00%     69.06% |       16679      0.97%     70.03% |       20857      1.21%     71.24% |       16683      0.97%     72.21% |       18928      1.10%     73.30% |       16681      0.97%     74.27% |       18926      1.10%     75.37% |       16682      0.97%     76.33% |       18928      1.10%     77.43% |       18614      1.08%     78.51% |       18610      1.08%     79.59% |       20857      1.21%     80.80% |       16680      0.97%     81.76% |       16680      0.97%     82.73% |       16684      0.97%     83.70% |       20860      1.21%     84.90% |       18932      1.10%     86.00% |       16682      0.97%     86.97% |       16678      0.97%     87.94% |       16680      0.97%     88.90% |       18610      1.08%     89.98% |       16676      0.97%     90.95% |       16681      0.97%     91.91% |       18604      1.08%     92.99% |       16681      0.97%     93.96% |       16679      0.97%     94.92% |       16679      0.97%     95.89% |       16679      0.97%     96.86% |       16681      0.97%     97.82% |       18930      1.10%     98.92% |       18607      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1725585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307632     66.47%     66.47% |           0      0.00%     66.47% |       20252      1.03%     67.50% |       26156      1.33%     68.83% |       20333      1.03%     69.86% |       23731      1.21%     71.07% |       20324      1.03%     72.10% |       24002      1.22%     73.32% |       20603      1.05%     74.37% |       23979      1.22%     75.59% |       23006      1.17%     76.76% |       23194      1.18%     77.94% |       26744      1.36%     79.30% |       20593      1.05%     80.34% |       20466      1.04%     81.38% |       20111      1.02%     82.41% |       26465      1.35%     83.75% |       23435      1.19%     84.94% |       20263      1.03%     85.97% |       20558      1.05%     87.02% |       20210      1.03%     88.05% |       23042      1.17%     89.22% |       20281      1.03%     90.25% |       20055      1.02%     91.27% |       22901      1.16%     92.43% |       20299      1.03%     93.46% |       20628      1.05%     94.51% |       20391      1.04%     95.55% |       20244      1.03%     96.58% |       20285      1.03%     97.61% |       23768      1.21%     98.82% |       23274      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1967225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250350     55.92%     55.92% |          14      0.00%     55.92% |        6170      1.38%     57.30% |        7712      1.72%     59.02% |        6166      1.38%     60.40% |        7067      1.58%     61.98% |        6164      1.38%     63.36% |        7066      1.58%     64.93% |        6165      1.38%     66.31% |        7064      1.58%     67.89% |        6813      1.52%     69.41% |        6814      1.52%     70.93% |        7710      1.72%     72.66% |        6163      1.38%     74.03% |        6168      1.38%     75.41% |        6166      1.38%     76.79% |        7715      1.72%     78.51% |        7066      1.58%     80.09% |        6168      1.38%     81.47% |        6164      1.38%     82.84% |        6163      1.38%     84.22% |        6811      1.52%     85.74% |        6164      1.38%     87.12% |        6167      1.38%     88.50% |        6809      1.52%     90.02% |        6167      1.38%     91.39% |        6167      1.38%     92.77% |        6162      1.38%     94.15% |        6163      1.38%     95.52% |        6165      1.38%     96.90% |        7064      1.58%     98.48% |        6806      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061826     66.54%     66.54% |           0      0.00%     66.54% |       16679      1.05%     67.59% |       20857      1.31%     68.90% |       16683      1.05%     69.94% |       18928      1.19%     71.13% |       16681      1.05%     72.17% |       18926      1.19%     73.36% |       16682      1.05%     74.41% |       18928      1.19%     75.59% |       18614      1.17%     76.76% |       18610      1.17%     77.93% |       20857      1.31%     79.23% |       16680      1.05%     80.28% |       16679      1.05%     81.32% |       16684      1.05%     82.37% |       20860      1.31%     83.68% |       18931      1.19%     84.86% |       16682      1.05%     85.91% |       16678      1.05%     86.95% |       16680      1.05%     88.00% |       18610      1.17%     89.16% |       16676      1.05%     90.21% |       16681      1.05%     91.25% |       18604      1.17%     92.42% |       16681      1.05%     93.47% |       16679      1.05%     94.51% |       16679      1.05%     95.56% |       16679      1.05%     96.60% |       16681      1.05%     97.65% |       18930      1.19%     98.83% |       18607      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1595652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           6      0.05%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           2      0.02%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1333    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4512    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          47     95.92%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           1      2.04%     97.96% |           0      0.00%     97.96% |           0      0.00%     97.96% |           1      2.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1690      2.92%      2.92% |           0      0.00%      2.92% |        2085      3.60%      6.52% |        1901      3.28%      9.81% |        2004      3.46%     13.27% |        1752      3.03%     16.30% |        2009      3.47%     19.77% |        1472      2.54%     22.31% |        1732      2.99%     25.30% |        1501      2.59%     27.90% |        1909      3.30%     31.19% |        1718      2.97%     34.16% |        1311      2.27%     36.43% |        1738      3.00%     39.43% |        1869      3.23%     42.66% |        2227      3.85%     46.51% |        1598      2.76%     49.27% |        2050      3.54%     52.81% |        2075      3.59%     56.39% |        1772      3.06%     59.46% |        2121      3.66%     63.12% |        1867      3.23%     66.35% |        2047      3.54%     69.88% |        2279      3.94%     73.82% |        2000      3.46%     77.28% |        2037      3.52%     80.79% |        1704      2.94%     83.74% |        1938      3.35%     87.09% |        2086      3.60%     90.69% |        2049      3.54%     94.23% |        1714      2.96%     97.19% |        1625      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        57880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14579814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14579814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5446     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2576030     99.87%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |         102      0.00%     99.87% |         128      0.00%     99.88% |         106      0.00%     99.88% |         117      0.00%     99.89% |         108      0.00%     99.89% |         118      0.00%     99.90% |         107      0.00%     99.90% |         120      0.00%     99.90% |         115      0.00%     99.91% |         114      0.00%     99.91% |         130      0.01%     99.92% |         109      0.00%     99.92% |         104      0.00%     99.93% |         106      0.00%     99.93% |         125      0.00%     99.94% |         118      0.00%     99.94% |         104      0.00%     99.94% |         108      0.00%     99.95% |         109      0.00%     99.95% |         117      0.00%     99.96% |         108      0.00%     99.96% |         105      0.00%     99.97% |         119      0.00%     99.97% |         105      0.00%     99.97% |         105      0.00%     99.98% |         110      0.00%     99.98% |         109      0.00%     99.99% |         107      0.00%     99.99% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2579405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       58999    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        58999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2818     19.87%     19.87% |          12      0.08%     19.95% |         339      2.39%     22.34% |         418      2.95%     25.29% |         340      2.40%     27.69% |         488      3.44%     31.13% |         357      2.52%     33.65% |         372      2.62%     36.27% |         330      2.33%     38.60% |         228      1.61%     40.20% |         165      1.16%     41.37% |         434      3.06%     44.43% |         130      0.92%     45.34% |         275      1.94%     47.28% |         363      2.56%     49.84% |         392      2.76%     52.61% |         253      1.78%     54.39% |         483      3.41%     57.79% |         411      2.90%     60.69% |         264      1.86%     62.55% |         433      3.05%     65.61% |         351      2.47%     68.08% |         324      2.28%     70.37% |         684      4.82%     75.19% |         533      3.76%     78.95% |         464      3.27%     82.22% |         477      3.36%     85.58% |         274      1.93%     87.51% |         475      3.35%     90.86% |         521      3.67%     94.54% |         409      2.88%     97.42% |         366      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        14183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186921     50.15%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |        5831      1.56%     51.72% |        7276      1.95%     53.67% |        5826      1.56%     55.24% |        6563      1.76%     57.00% |        5805      1.56%     58.55% |        6687      1.79%     60.35% |        5834      1.57%     61.91% |        6836      1.83%     63.75% |        6630      1.78%     65.53% |        6362      1.71%     67.23% |        7562      2.03%     69.26% |        5887      1.58%     70.84% |        5805      1.56%     72.40% |        5774      1.55%     73.95% |        7444      2.00%     75.95% |        6583      1.77%     77.71% |        5741      1.54%     79.25% |        5900      1.58%     80.84% |        5729      1.54%     82.37% |        6442      1.73%     84.10% |        5822      1.56%     85.66% |        5463      1.47%     87.13% |        6276      1.68%     88.81% |        5703      1.53%     90.34% |        5688      1.53%     91.87% |        5873      1.58%     93.45% |        5687      1.53%     94.97% |        5644      1.51%     96.49% |        6655      1.79%     98.27% |        6438      1.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       372687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2972766    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2972766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21126925     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          88      0.00%     99.99% |         100      0.00%     99.99% |          84      0.00%     99.99% |          96      0.00%     99.99% |          87      0.00%     99.99% |          96      0.00%     99.99% |          86      0.00%     99.99% |          95      0.00%     99.99% |          89      0.00%     99.99% |          92      0.00%     99.99% |         102      0.00%     99.99% |          87      0.00%     99.99% |          87      0.00%     99.99% |          83      0.00%     99.99% |          97      0.00%     99.99% |          91      0.00%     99.99% |          85      0.00%     99.99% |          89      0.00%     99.99% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21129640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         166      0.34%      0.34% |           0      0.00%      0.34% |        1869      3.84%      4.18% |        1483      3.04%      7.22% |        1796      3.69%     10.91% |        1375      2.82%     13.73% |        1856      3.81%     17.54% |        1360      2.79%     20.33% |        1785      3.66%     23.99% |        1337      2.74%     26.74% |        1744      3.58%     30.32% |        1284      2.64%     32.95% |        1181      2.42%     35.38% |        1830      3.76%     39.13% |        1634      3.35%     42.49% |        1905      3.91%     46.39% |        1345      2.76%     49.16% |        1634      3.35%     52.51% |        1920      3.94%     56.45% |        1573      3.23%     59.68% |        1824      3.74%     63.42% |        1516      3.11%     66.53% |        1851      3.80%     70.33% |        1662      3.41%     73.74% |        1467      3.01%     76.75% |        1751      3.59%     80.35% |        1331      2.73%     83.08% |        1730      3.55%     86.63% |        1984      4.07%     90.70% |        1651      3.39%     94.09% |        1623      3.33%     97.42% |        1256      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        48723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120711     70.28%     70.28% |           0      0.00%     70.28% |       14421      0.90%     71.19% |       18880      1.18%     72.37% |       14507      0.91%     73.28% |       17168      1.08%     74.36% |       14519      0.91%     75.27% |       17315      1.09%     76.36% |       14769      0.93%     77.28% |       17143      1.08%     78.36% |       16376      1.03%     79.38% |       16832      1.06%     80.44% |       19182      1.20%     81.64% |       14706      0.92%     82.56% |       14661      0.92%     83.48% |       14337      0.90%     84.38% |       19021      1.19%     85.58% |       16852      1.06%     86.63% |       14522      0.91%     87.54% |       14658      0.92%     88.46% |       14481      0.91%     89.37% |       16600      1.04%     90.41% |       14459      0.91%     91.32% |       14592      0.92%     92.23% |       16625      1.04%     93.28% |       14596      0.92%     94.19% |       14940      0.94%     95.13% |       14518      0.91%     96.04% |       14557      0.91%     96.95% |       14641      0.92%     97.87% |       17113      1.07%     98.94% |       16836      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1594538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           3     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      248851     55.77%     55.77% |          12      0.00%     55.78% |        6170      1.38%     57.16% |        7712      1.73%     58.89% |        6166      1.38%     60.27% |        7067      1.58%     61.85% |        6164      1.38%     63.23% |        7062      1.58%     64.82% |        6165      1.38%     66.20% |        7064      1.58%     67.78% |        6813      1.53%     69.31% |        6814      1.53%     70.84% |        7710      1.73%     72.56% |        6163      1.38%     73.95% |        6168      1.38%     75.33% |        6166      1.38%     76.71% |        7715      1.73%     78.44% |        7066      1.58%     80.02% |        6168      1.38%     81.40% |        6164      1.38%     82.79% |        6163      1.38%     84.17% |        6811      1.53%     85.69% |        6164      1.38%     87.08% |        6165      1.38%     88.46% |        6809      1.53%     89.98% |        6167      1.38%     91.37% |        6167      1.38%     92.75% |        6162      1.38%     94.13% |        6163      1.38%     95.51% |        6165      1.38%     96.89% |        7064      1.58%     98.47% |        6806      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       446186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           4     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     34.21%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           2      5.26%     39.47% |           0      0.00%     39.47% |           4     10.53%     50.00% |           3      7.89%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           6     15.79%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           2      5.26%     78.95% |           1      2.63%     81.58% |           1      2.63%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           1      2.63%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           3      7.89%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           2      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061873     66.55%     66.55% |           0      0.00%     66.55% |       16679      1.05%     67.59% |       20857      1.31%     68.90% |       16683      1.05%     69.94% |       18928      1.19%     71.13% |       16681      1.05%     72.18% |       18926      1.19%     73.36% |       16682      1.05%     74.41% |       18928      1.19%     75.59% |       18614      1.17%     76.76% |       18610      1.17%     77.93% |       20857      1.31%     79.23% |       16680      1.05%     80.28% |       16680      1.05%     81.32% |       16684      1.05%     82.37% |       20860      1.31%     83.68% |       18932      1.19%     84.86% |       16682      1.05%     85.91% |       16678      1.05%     86.95% |       16680      1.05%     88.00% |       18610      1.17%     89.16% |       16676      1.05%     90.21% |       16681      1.05%     91.26% |       18604      1.17%     92.42% |       16681      1.05%     93.47% |       16679      1.05%     94.51% |       16679      1.05%     95.56% |       16679      1.05%     96.60% |       16681      1.05%     97.65% |       18930      1.19%     98.83% |       18607      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1595701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     83.11%     83.11% |           0      0.00%     83.11% |           4      0.90%     84.01% |           2      0.45%     84.46% |           2      0.45%     84.91% |           0      0.00%     84.91% |           1      0.23%     85.14% |           3      0.68%     85.81% |           2      0.45%     86.26% |           1      0.23%     86.49% |           2      0.45%     86.94% |           3      0.68%     87.61% |           4      0.90%     88.51% |           2      0.45%     88.96% |           3      0.68%     89.64% |           3      0.68%     90.32% |           2      0.45%     90.77% |           3      0.68%     91.44% |           3      0.68%     92.12% |           4      0.90%     93.02% |           3      0.68%     93.69% |           2      0.45%     94.14% |           1      0.23%     94.37% |           4      0.90%     95.27% |           3      0.68%     95.95% |           3      0.68%     96.62% |           2      0.45%     97.07% |           3      0.68%     97.75% |           3      0.68%     98.42% |           3      0.68%     99.10% |           2      0.45%     99.55% |           2      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22      2.84%      2.84% |          19      2.45%      5.28% |          17      2.19%      7.47% |          51      6.57%     14.05% |          15      1.93%     15.98% |           8      1.03%     17.01% |          19      2.45%     19.46% |          58      7.47%     26.93% |           8      1.03%     27.96% |          15      1.93%     29.90% |           2      0.26%     30.15% |           7      0.90%     31.06% |          43      5.54%     36.60% |          46      5.93%     42.53% |          23      2.96%     45.49% |          17      2.19%     47.68% |          13      1.68%     49.36% |          62      7.99%     57.35% |          41      5.28%     62.63% |          37      4.77%     67.40% |          39      5.03%     72.42% |          13      1.68%     74.10% |          97     12.50%     86.60% |           4      0.52%     87.11% |           6      0.77%     87.89% |          24      3.09%     90.98% |          22      2.84%     93.81% |          32      4.12%     97.94% |           6      0.77%     98.71% |          10      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307632     66.50%     66.50% |           0      0.00%     66.50% |       20230      1.03%     67.53% |       26137      1.33%     68.86% |       20316      1.03%     69.89% |       23680      1.20%     71.09% |       20309      1.03%     72.13% |       23994      1.22%     73.35% |       20584      1.05%     74.39% |       23921      1.22%     75.61% |       22998      1.17%     76.78% |       23179      1.18%     77.96% |       26742      1.36%     79.32% |       20586      1.05%     80.36% |       20423      1.04%     81.40% |       20065      1.02%     82.42% |       26442      1.34%     83.77% |       23418      1.19%     84.96% |       20250      1.03%     85.99% |       20496      1.04%     87.03% |       20169      1.03%     88.06% |       23005      1.17%     89.23% |       20242      1.03%     90.25% |       20042      1.02%     91.27% |       22804      1.16%     92.43% |       20295      1.03%     93.47% |       20622      1.05%     94.51% |       20367      1.04%     95.55% |       20222      1.03%     96.58% |       20253      1.03%     97.61% |       23762      1.21%     98.82% |       23264      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1966449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22      2.84%      2.84% |          19      2.45%      5.28% |          17      2.19%      7.47% |          51      6.57%     14.05% |          15      1.93%     15.98% |           8      1.03%     17.01% |          19      2.45%     19.46% |          58      7.47%     26.93% |           8      1.03%     27.96% |          15      1.93%     29.90% |           2      0.26%     30.15% |           7      0.90%     31.06% |          43      5.54%     36.60% |          46      5.93%     42.53% |          23      2.96%     45.49% |          17      2.19%     47.68% |          13      1.68%     49.36% |          62      7.99%     57.35% |          41      5.28%     62.63% |          37      4.77%     67.40% |          39      5.03%     72.42% |          13      1.68%     74.10% |          97     12.50%     86.60% |           4      0.52%     87.11% |           6      0.77%     87.89% |          24      3.09%     90.98% |          22      2.84%     93.81% |          32      4.12%     97.94% |           6      0.77%     98.71% |          10      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3741      2.94%      6.03% |        3537      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3656      2.88%     14.47% |        4076      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3395      2.67%     23.37% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3927      3.09%     36.69% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.24% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4269      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.00% |        3751      2.95%     58.95% |        3433      2.70%     61.66% |        3176      2.50%     64.15% |        3786      2.98%     67.13% |        3594      2.83%     69.96% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.66% |        3357      2.64%     81.30% |        4763      3.75%     85.05% |        4099      3.23%     88.28% |        5240      4.12%     92.40% |        5176      4.07%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108441     24.15%     24.15% |       13918      3.10%     27.25% |       11583      2.58%     29.83% |       12360      2.75%     32.58% |       11527      2.57%     35.15% |       11008      2.45%     37.60% |        9762      2.17%     39.77% |        9766      2.17%     41.95% |       11523      2.57%     44.51% |       10371      2.31%     46.82% |       13116      2.92%     49.75% |       12150      2.71%     52.45% |       10193      2.27%     54.72% |        9960      2.22%     56.94% |        9429      2.10%     59.04% |        9757      2.17%     61.21% |       10823      2.41%     63.62% |       10151      2.26%     65.88% |       10411      2.32%     68.20% |       10742      2.39%     70.59% |       10673      2.38%     72.97% |       11111      2.47%     75.44% |       12448      2.77%     78.22% |       10005      2.23%     80.45% |       10158      2.26%     82.71% |       10802      2.41%     85.11% |       10026      2.23%     87.35% |        9771      2.18%     89.52% |       11182      2.49%     92.01% |       10236      2.28%     94.29% |       11976      2.67%     96.96% |       13657      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       449036                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66173      4.15%      4.15% |       50421      3.16%      7.31% |       47234      2.96%     10.27% |       46168      2.89%     13.16% |       46349      2.90%     16.06% |       46459      2.91%     18.98% |       45303      2.84%     21.81% |       45591      2.86%     24.67% |       47360      2.97%     27.64% |       47400      2.97%     30.61% |       47606      2.98%     33.59% |       48111      3.01%     36.61% |       46723      2.93%     39.54% |       46880      2.94%     42.47% |       47090      2.95%     45.43% |       47161      2.96%     48.38% |       48115      3.02%     51.40% |       48414      3.03%     54.43% |       49583      3.11%     57.54% |       50180      3.14%     60.68% |       50288      3.15%     63.83% |       52051      3.26%     67.10% |       51932      3.25%     70.35% |       50595      3.17%     73.52% |       50908      3.19%     76.71% |       51720      3.24%     79.95% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1595727                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      170495      8.67%      8.67% |       61997      3.15%     11.82% |       56503      2.87%     14.70% |       56206      2.86%     17.55% |       55519      2.82%     20.38% |       54215      2.76%     23.13% |       52748      2.68%     25.82% |       53021      2.70%     28.51% |       56480      2.87%     31.39% |       55419      2.82%     34.20% |       58325      2.97%     37.17% |       57912      2.95%     40.11% |       54564      2.77%     42.89% |       54502      2.77%     45.66% |       54164      2.75%     48.42% |       54577      2.78%     51.19% |       56581      2.88%     54.07% |       56233      2.86%     56.93% |       57608      2.93%     59.86% |       58590      2.98%     62.84% |       58626      2.98%     65.82% |       60816      3.09%     68.91% |       62047      3.16%     72.07% |       58260      2.96%     75.03% |       58695      2.98%     78.01% |       60104      3.06%     81.07% |       58425      2.97%     84.04% |       59064      3.00%     87.04% |       61729      3.14%     90.18% |       59547      3.03%     93.21% |       67653      3.44%     96.65% |       65826      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1966451                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          62      5.39%      5.39% |          52      4.52%      9.91% |          36      3.13%     13.04% |          29      2.52%     15.57% |          41      3.57%     19.13% |          43      3.74%     22.87% |          43      3.74%     26.61% |          40      3.48%     30.09% |          44      3.83%     33.91% |          41      3.57%     37.48% |          47      4.09%     41.57% |          46      4.00%     45.57% |          41      3.57%     49.13% |          36      3.13%     52.26% |          38      3.30%     55.57% |          39      3.39%     58.96% |          37      3.22%     62.17% |          32      2.78%     64.96% |          35      3.04%     68.00% |          33      2.87%     70.87% |          28      2.43%     73.30% |          29      2.52%     75.83% |          31      2.70%     78.52% |          25      2.17%     80.70% |          33      2.87%     83.57% |          32      2.78%     86.35% |          24      2.09%     88.43% |          33      2.87%     91.30% |          20      1.74%     93.04% |          30      2.61%     95.65% |          28      2.43%     98.09% |          22      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         1150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       50004      4.07%      4.07% |       38032      3.09%      7.16% |       38073      3.10%     10.26% |       38064      3.10%     13.35% |       38035      3.09%     16.45% |       38042      3.09%     19.54% |       38047      3.09%     22.64% |       38040      3.09%     25.73% |       38093      3.10%     28.83% |       38037      3.09%     31.92% |       38029      3.09%     35.02% |       38047      3.09%     38.11% |       38027      3.09%     41.20% |       38037      3.09%     44.30% |       38037      3.09%     47.39% |       38023      3.09%     50.48% |       38059      3.10%     53.58% |       38086      3.10%     56.68% |       38083      3.10%     59.78% |       38076      3.10%     62.87% |       38055      3.10%     65.97% |       38094      3.10%     69.07% |       38094      3.10%     72.17% |       38080      3.10%     75.26% |       38083      3.10%     78.36% |       38020      3.09%     81.45% |       38020      3.09%     84.55% |       38014      3.09%     87.64% |       38015      3.09%     90.73% |       37999      3.09%     93.82% |       37998      3.09%     96.91% |       37979      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1229422                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        9446      3.34%      3.34% |        8832      3.13%      6.47% |        8798      3.12%      9.59% |        8764      3.10%     12.69% |        8815      3.12%     15.81% |        8750      3.10%     18.91% |        8773      3.11%     22.02% |        8803      3.12%     25.14% |        8822      3.12%     28.26% |        8813      3.12%     31.38% |        8889      3.15%     34.53% |        8856      3.14%     37.66% |        8918      3.16%     40.82% |        8847      3.13%     43.95% |        8871      3.14%     47.10% |        8780      3.11%     50.21% |        8817      3.12%     53.33% |        8794      3.11%     56.44% |        8828      3.13%     59.57% |        8754      3.10%     62.67% |        8761      3.10%     65.77% |        8735      3.09%     68.86% |        8700      3.08%     71.94% |        8700      3.08%     75.02% |        8804      3.12%     78.14% |        8905      3.15%     81.30% |        8833      3.13%     84.42% |        8751      3.10%     87.52% |        8805      3.12%     90.64% |        8823      3.12%     93.76% |        8790      3.11%     96.88% |        8819      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       282396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       60566      3.92%      3.92% |       47914      3.10%      7.02% |       47919      3.10%     10.12% |       47876      3.10%     13.22% |       47896      3.10%     16.32% |       47839      3.10%     19.41% |       47868      3.10%     22.51% |       47891      3.10%     25.61% |       47963      3.10%     28.71% |       47898      3.10%     31.81% |       47965      3.10%     34.92% |       47950      3.10%     38.02% |       47993      3.11%     41.12% |       47931      3.10%     44.23% |       47955      3.10%     47.33% |       47850      3.10%     50.42% |       47923      3.10%     53.53% |       47928      3.10%     56.63% |       47958      3.10%     59.73% |       47878      3.10%     62.83% |       47864      3.10%     65.93% |       47878      3.10%     69.02% |       47842      3.10%     72.12% |       47827      3.09%     75.21% |       47934      3.10%     78.32% |       47974      3.10%     81.42% |       47902      3.10%     84.52% |       47812      3.09%     87.61% |       47867      3.10%     90.71% |       47870      3.10%     93.81% |       47837      3.10%     96.90% |       47847      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1545415                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       59542      3.94%      3.94% |       46890      3.10%      7.04% |       46895      3.10%     10.14% |       46852      3.10%     13.23% |       46872      3.10%     16.33% |       46815      3.09%     19.43% |       46844      3.10%     22.52% |       46867      3.10%     25.62% |       46939      3.10%     28.73% |       46874      3.10%     31.82% |       46941      3.10%     34.93% |       46926      3.10%     38.03% |       46969      3.11%     41.13% |       46907      3.10%     44.24% |       46931      3.10%     47.34% |       46826      3.10%     50.43% |       46899      3.10%     53.53% |       46904      3.10%     56.64% |       46934      3.10%     59.74% |       46854      3.10%     62.84% |       46840      3.10%     65.93% |       46854      3.10%     69.03% |       46818      3.10%     72.12% |       46803      3.09%     75.22% |       46910      3.10%     78.32% |       46950      3.10%     81.42% |       46878      3.10%     84.52% |       46788      3.09%     87.62% |       46843      3.10%     90.71% |       46846      3.10%     93.81% |       46813      3.09%     96.90% |       46823      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1512647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1571      3.18%      3.18% |        1530      3.10%      6.28% |        1520      3.08%      9.36% |        1518      3.07%     12.43% |        1541      3.12%     15.55% |        1544      3.13%     18.67% |        1523      3.08%     21.76% |        1537      3.11%     24.87% |        1509      3.06%     27.92% |        1550      3.14%     31.06% |        1561      3.16%     34.22% |        1553      3.14%     37.37% |        1541      3.12%     40.49% |        1542      3.12%     43.61% |        1544      3.13%     46.73% |        1546      3.13%     49.86% |        1562      3.16%     53.03% |        1506      3.05%     56.08% |        1518      3.07%     59.15% |        1520      3.08%     62.23% |        1521      3.08%     65.31% |        1513      3.06%     68.37% |        1507      3.05%     71.42% |        1515      3.07%     74.49% |        1523      3.08%     77.57% |        1579      3.20%     80.77% |        1575      3.19%     83.96% |        1572      3.18%     87.14% |        1580      3.20%     90.34% |        1582      3.20%     93.54% |        1591      3.22%     96.76% |        1600      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        49394                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          11      9.73%      9.73% |           1      0.88%     10.62% |           3      2.65%     13.27% |           1      0.88%     14.16% |           5      4.42%     18.58% |           2      1.77%     20.35% |           3      2.65%     23.01% |           2      1.77%     24.78% |           5      4.42%     29.20% |           3      2.65%     31.86% |           5      4.42%     36.28% |           4      3.54%     39.82% |           5      4.42%     44.25% |           2      1.77%     46.02% |           5      4.42%     50.44% |           5      4.42%     54.87% |           3      2.65%     57.52% |           2      1.77%     59.29% |           5      4.42%     63.72% |           2      1.77%     65.49% |           3      2.65%     68.14% |           2      1.77%     69.91% |           4      3.54%     73.45% |           1      0.88%     74.34% |           2      1.77%     76.11% |           4      3.54%     79.65% |           2      1.77%     81.42% |           5      4.42%     85.84% |           2      1.77%     87.61% |           5      4.42%     92.04% |           4      3.54%     95.58% |           5      4.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           6     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1045      3.39%      3.39% |         896      2.91%      6.30% |         882      2.86%      9.17% |         877      2.85%     12.01% |         921      2.99%     15.00% |         885      2.87%     17.88% |         914      2.97%     20.84% |         947      3.07%     23.92% |        1060      3.44%     27.36% |         915      2.97%     30.33% |         983      3.19%     33.52% |         987      3.20%     36.73% |        1054      3.42%     40.15% |         985      3.20%     43.35% |         999      3.24%     46.59% |         941      3.06%     49.65% |         957      3.11%     52.75% |        1021      3.32%     56.07% |        1012      3.29%     59.36% |         954      3.10%     62.45% |         949      3.08%     65.53% |         964      3.13%     68.66% |         926      3.01%     71.67% |         923      3.00%     74.67% |        1018      3.31%     77.97% |        1053      3.42%     81.39% |        1007      3.27%     84.66% |         937      3.04%     87.70% |         948      3.08%     90.78% |         966      3.14%     93.92% |         950      3.08%     97.00% |         923      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        30799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           6     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      172946      8.47%      8.47% |       64318      3.15%     11.62% |       58811      2.88%     14.50% |       58507      2.87%     17.37% |       57846      2.83%     20.20% |       56547      2.77%     22.97% |       55051      2.70%     25.66% |       55349      2.71%     28.37% |       58875      2.88%     31.26% |       57767      2.83%     34.09% |       60707      2.97%     37.06% |       60258      2.95%     40.01% |       56914      2.79%     42.80% |       56838      2.78%     45.58% |       56500      2.77%     48.35% |       56913      2.79%     51.14% |       58936      2.89%     54.02% |       58559      2.87%     56.89% |       59946      2.94%     59.83% |       60922      2.98%     62.81% |       60961      2.99%     65.80% |       63144      3.09%     68.89% |       64370      3.15%     72.04% |       60597      2.97%     75.01% |       61056      2.99%     78.00% |       62517      3.06%     81.06% |       60847      2.98%     84.04% |       61468      3.01%     87.05% |       64139      3.14%     90.19% |       61961      3.03%     93.23% |       70077      3.43%     96.66% |       68256      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041903                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.83%      6.10% |         465      2.80%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         512      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.80%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         529      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.09% |         487      2.93%     30.02% |         533      3.21%     33.23% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.48%     47.21% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.42%     56.98% |         562      3.38%     60.37% |         510      3.07%     63.44% |         505      3.04%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         489      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16617                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       19165      8.08%      8.08% |        7114      3.00%     11.07% |        7113      3.00%     14.07% |        7064      2.98%     17.05% |        7032      2.96%     20.01% |        7011      2.95%     22.97% |        7025      2.96%     25.93% |        7026      2.96%     28.89% |        7067      2.98%     31.87% |        7067      2.98%     34.84% |        7103      2.99%     37.84% |        7026      2.96%     40.80% |        7036      2.96%     43.76% |        7032      2.96%     46.73% |        7035      2.96%     49.69% |        6997      2.95%     52.64% |        7038      2.97%     55.60% |        7008      2.95%     58.56% |        7047      2.97%     61.53% |        7023      2.96%     64.49% |        7019      2.96%     67.44% |        7004      2.95%     70.40% |        7023      2.96%     73.36% |        7018      2.96%     76.31% |        7040      2.97%     79.28% |        7037      2.97%     82.25% |        7021      2.96%     85.20% |        6997      2.95%     88.15% |        7042      2.97%     91.12% |        7023      2.96%     94.08% |        6998      2.95%     97.03% |        7051      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       237302                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40859      3.16%      3.16% |       40329      3.12%      6.29% |       40341      3.12%      9.41% |       40347      3.12%     12.53% |       40353      3.12%     15.66% |       40362      3.13%     18.78% |       40339      3.12%     21.91% |       40336      3.12%     25.03% |       40349      3.12%     28.15% |       40344      3.12%     31.28% |       40329      3.12%     34.40% |       40358      3.12%     37.53% |       40339      3.12%     40.65% |       40338      3.12%     43.77% |       40341      3.12%     46.90% |       40330      3.12%     50.02% |       40353      3.12%     53.14% |       40351      3.12%     56.27% |       40349      3.12%     59.39% |       40345      3.12%     62.52% |       40340      3.12%     65.64% |       40354      3.12%     68.76% |       40339      3.12%     71.89% |       40341      3.12%     75.01% |       40348      3.12%     78.14% |       40345      3.12%     81.26% |       40349      3.12%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.51% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.12%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          26      5.44%      5.44% |          23      4.81%     10.25% |          18      3.77%     14.02% |          12      2.51%     16.53% |          17      3.56%     20.08% |          18      3.77%     23.85% |          19      3.97%     27.82% |          16      3.35%     31.17% |          16      3.35%     34.52% |          16      3.35%     37.87% |          15      3.14%     41.00% |          20      4.18%     45.19% |          17      3.56%     48.74% |          15      3.14%     51.88% |          17      3.56%     55.44% |          17      3.56%     59.00% |          15      3.14%     62.13% |          11      2.30%     64.44% |          14      2.93%     67.36% |          16      3.35%     70.71% |          10      2.09%     72.80% |          12      2.51%     75.31% |          13      2.72%     78.03% |           9      1.88%     79.92% |          14      2.93%     82.85% |          14      2.93%     85.77% |           9      1.88%     87.66% |          16      3.35%     91.00% |          10      2.09%     93.10% |          14      2.93%     96.03% |          11      2.30%     98.33% |           8      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          478                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         548      3.30%      3.30% |         470      2.83%      6.13% |         465      2.80%      8.93% |         465      2.80%     11.73% |         510      3.07%     14.81% |         467      2.81%     17.62% |         506      3.05%     20.67% |         529      3.19%     23.85% |         546      3.29%     27.14% |         484      2.92%     30.06% |         534      3.22%     33.27% |         566      3.41%     36.68% |         618      3.72%     40.40% |         561      3.38%     43.78% |         577      3.48%     47.26% |         521      3.14%     50.40% |         530      3.19%     53.59% |         568      3.42%     57.01% |         563      3.39%     60.40% |         506      3.05%     63.45% |         503      3.03%     66.48% |         519      3.13%     69.61% |         482      2.90%     72.51% |         469      2.82%     75.33% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         591      3.56%     82.19% |         533      3.21%     85.40% |         477      2.87%     88.27% |         486      2.93%     91.20% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       87608     41.94%     41.94% |        6783      3.25%     45.19% |        4464      2.14%     47.33% |        5271      2.52%     49.85% |        4483      2.15%     51.99% |        3082      1.48%     53.47% |        2723      1.30%     54.77% |        2732      1.31%     56.08% |        4448      2.13%     58.21% |        3300      1.58%     59.79% |        5998      2.87%     62.66% |        5121      2.45%     65.11% |        3155      1.51%     66.62% |        2926      1.40%     68.03% |        2372      1.14%     69.16% |        2755      1.32%     70.48% |        3783      1.81%     72.29% |        3137      1.50%     73.79% |        3312      1.59%     75.38% |        3719      1.78%     77.16% |        3654      1.75%     78.91% |        4089      1.96%     80.87% |        5415      2.59%     83.46% |        2984      1.43%     84.89% |        3108      1.49%     86.37% |        3760      1.80%     88.17% |        3003      1.44%     89.61% |        2769      1.33%     90.94% |        4138      1.98%     92.92% |        3212      1.54%     94.46% |        4976      2.38%     96.84% |        6604      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       208884                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       25300      8.32%      8.32% |       10086      3.32%     11.63% |        6891      2.27%     13.90% |        5819      1.91%     15.81% |        5977      1.97%     17.78% |        6092      2.00%     19.78% |        4963      1.63%     21.41% |        5255      1.73%     23.14% |        7011      2.30%     25.44% |        7055      2.32%     27.76% |        7276      2.39%     30.16% |        7753      2.55%     32.71% |        6380      2.10%     34.80% |        6542      2.15%     36.95% |        6749      2.22%     39.17% |        6831      2.25%     41.42% |        7762      2.55%     43.97% |        8063      2.65%     46.62% |        9229      3.03%     49.66% |        9835      3.23%     52.89% |        9948      3.27%     56.16% |       11697      3.85%     60.00% |       11593      3.81%     63.82% |       10254      3.37%     67.19% |       10559      3.47%     70.66% |       11373      3.74%     74.40% |       10473      3.44%     77.84% |       11365      3.74%     81.58% |       12623      4.15%     85.73% |       11388      3.74%     89.47% |       17753      5.84%     95.31% |       14270      4.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       304165                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       49999      4.07%      4.07% |       38026      3.09%      7.16% |       38067      3.10%     10.26% |       38060      3.10%     13.35% |       38034      3.09%     16.45% |       38037      3.09%     19.54% |       38045      3.09%     22.64% |       38036      3.09%     25.73% |       38076      3.10%     28.83% |       38035      3.09%     31.92% |       38025      3.09%     35.01% |       38046      3.09%     38.11% |       38027      3.09%     41.20% |       38037      3.09%     44.30% |       38036      3.09%     47.39% |       38023      3.09%     50.48% |       38048      3.10%     53.58% |       38086      3.10%     56.68% |       38081      3.10%     59.77% |       38076      3.10%     62.87% |       38055      3.10%     65.97% |       38092      3.10%     69.07% |       38092      3.10%     72.16% |       38078      3.10%     75.26% |       38079      3.10%     78.36% |       38019      3.09%     81.45% |       38017      3.09%     84.54% |       38012      3.09%     87.64% |       38012      3.09%     90.73% |       37997      3.09%     93.82% |       37996      3.09%     96.91% |       37978      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1229327                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6884      3.40%      3.40% |        6411      3.17%      6.57% |        6399      3.16%      9.74% |        6372      3.15%     12.89% |        6349      3.14%     16.03% |        6325      3.13%     19.15% |        6335      3.13%     22.29% |        6321      3.13%     25.41% |        6265      3.10%     28.51% |        6347      3.14%     31.65% |        6344      3.14%     34.79% |        6313      3.12%     37.91% |        6318      3.12%     41.03% |        6318      3.12%     44.15% |        6324      3.13%     47.28% |        6288      3.11%     50.39% |        6306      3.12%     53.51% |        6265      3.10%     56.61% |        6295      3.11%     59.72% |        6278      3.10%     62.82% |        6288      3.11%     65.93% |        6258      3.09%     69.03% |        6265      3.10%     72.12% |        6263      3.10%     75.22% |        6265      3.10%     78.32% |        6270      3.10%     81.42% |        6252      3.09%     84.51% |        6239      3.08%     87.59% |        6279      3.10%     90.70% |        6272      3.10%     93.80% |        6247      3.09%     96.89% |        6292      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       202247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           6     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      170493      8.67%      8.67% |       61997      3.15%     11.82% |       56503      2.87%     14.70% |       56206      2.86%     17.55% |       55519      2.82%     20.38% |       54215      2.76%     23.13% |       52748      2.68%     25.82% |       53021      2.70%     28.51% |       56480      2.87%     31.39% |       55419      2.82%     34.20% |       58325      2.97%     37.17% |       57912      2.95%     40.11% |       54564      2.77%     42.89% |       54502      2.77%     45.66% |       54164      2.75%     48.42% |       54577      2.78%     51.19% |       56581      2.88%     54.07% |       56233      2.86%     56.93% |       57608      2.93%     59.86% |       58590      2.98%     62.84% |       58626      2.98%     65.82% |       60816      3.09%     68.91% |       62047      3.16%     72.07% |       58260      2.96%     75.03% |       58695      2.98%     78.01% |       60104      3.06%     81.07% |       58425      2.97%     84.04% |       59064      3.00%     87.04% |       61729      3.14%     90.18% |       59547      3.03%     93.21% |       67653      3.44%     96.65% |       65826      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1966449                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           2      2.47%      8.64% |           5      6.17%     14.81% |           3      3.70%     18.52% |           1      1.23%     19.75% |           3      3.70%     23.46% |           2      2.47%     25.93% |           4      4.94%     30.86% |          17     20.99%     51.85% |           1      1.23%     53.09% |           3      3.70%     56.79% |           1      1.23%     58.02% |           0      0.00%     58.02% |           0      0.00%     58.02% |           0      0.00%     58.02% |           0      0.00%     58.02% |          11     13.58%     71.60% |           0      0.00%     71.60% |           1      1.23%     72.84% |           0      0.00%     72.84% |           0      0.00%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           2      2.47%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           3      3.70%     83.95% |           1      1.23%     85.19% |           3      3.70%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           2      2.47%     93.83% |           2      2.47%     96.30% |           2      2.47%     98.77% |           1      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2014      3.17%      3.17% |        1951      3.07%      6.24% |        1934      3.04%      9.28% |        1927      3.03%     12.32% |        1956      3.08%     15.39% |        1958      3.08%     18.47% |        1932      3.04%     21.51% |        1953      3.07%     24.59% |        2011      3.16%     27.75% |        1982      3.12%     30.87% |        2011      3.16%     34.04% |        1977      3.11%     37.15% |        1982      3.12%     40.27% |        1968      3.10%     43.36% |        1970      3.10%     46.46% |        1971      3.10%     49.56% |        1981      3.12%     52.68% |        1961      3.09%     55.77% |        1970      3.10%     58.87% |        1970      3.10%     61.97% |        1970      3.10%     65.07% |        1958      3.08%     68.15% |        1953      3.07%     71.22% |        1968      3.10%     74.32% |        1992      3.13%     77.45% |        2044      3.22%     80.67% |        2048      3.22%     83.89% |        2035      3.20%     87.10% |        2040      3.21%     90.31% |        2043      3.21%     93.52% |        2056      3.24%     96.76% |        2061      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        63547                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     12.77%     12.77% |           0      0.00%     12.77% |           0      0.00%     12.77% |           0      0.00%     12.77% |          10     21.28%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |           0      0.00%     34.04% |          14     29.79%     63.83% |           6     12.77%     76.60% |          11     23.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           4     57.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     88.89%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |          11      3.69%      3.69% |           9      3.02%      6.71% |           4      1.34%      8.05% |           8      2.68%     10.74% |           9      3.02%     13.76% |          12      4.03%     17.79% |           8      2.68%     20.47% |          12      4.03%     24.50% |          16      5.37%     29.87% |          13      4.36%     34.23% |          19      6.38%     40.60% |          10      3.36%     43.96% |          10      3.36%     47.32% |          11      3.69%     51.01% |           9      3.02%     54.03% |          10      3.36%     57.38% |          10      3.36%     60.74% |          14      4.70%     65.44% |          11      3.69%     69.13% |           7      2.35%     71.48% |          10      3.36%     74.83% |           8      2.68%     77.52% |           8      2.68%     80.20% |          10      3.36%     83.56% |           8      2.68%     86.24% |           7      2.35%     88.59% |           7      2.35%     90.94% |           4      1.34%     92.28% |           3      1.01%     93.29% |           6      2.01%     95.30% |           7      2.35%     97.65% |           7      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          298                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       59542      3.94%      3.94% |       46890      3.10%      7.04% |       46895      3.10%     10.14% |       46852      3.10%     13.23% |       46872      3.10%     16.33% |       46815      3.09%     19.43% |       46844      3.10%     22.52% |       46867      3.10%     25.62% |       46939      3.10%     28.73% |       46874      3.10%     31.82% |       46941      3.10%     34.93% |       46926      3.10%     38.03% |       46969      3.11%     41.13% |       46907      3.10%     44.24% |       46931      3.10%     47.34% |       46826      3.10%     50.43% |       46899      3.10%     53.53% |       46904      3.10%     56.64% |       46934      3.10%     59.74% |       46854      3.10%     62.84% |       46840      3.10%     65.93% |       46854      3.10%     69.03% |       46818      3.10%     72.12% |       46803      3.09%     75.22% |       46910      3.10%     78.32% |       46950      3.10%     81.42% |       46878      3.10%     84.52% |       46788      3.09%     87.62% |       46843      3.10%     90.71% |       46846      3.10%     93.81% |       46813      3.09%     96.90% |       46823      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1512647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     51.85%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           2      1.85%     53.70% |           1      0.93%     54.63% |           1      0.93%     55.56% |           1      0.93%     56.48% |           1      0.93%     57.41% |           1      0.93%     58.33% |          15     13.89%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      0.93%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |          11     10.19%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      1.85%     85.19% |           1      0.93%     86.11% |           1      0.93%     87.04% |           3      2.78%     89.81% |           1      0.93%     90.74% |           2      1.85%     92.59% |           2      1.85%     94.44% |           2      1.85%     96.30% |           2      1.85%     98.15% |           2      1.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3     11.11%     11.11% |           2      7.41%     18.52% |           3     11.11%     29.63% |           2      7.41%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           2      7.41%     44.44% |           1      3.70%     48.15% |           3     11.11%     59.26% |           2      7.41%     66.67% |           1      3.70%     70.37% |           2      7.41%     77.78% |           1      3.70%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          25      6.68%      6.68% |          20      5.35%     12.03% |          14      3.74%     15.78% |           9      2.41%     18.18% |          15      4.01%     22.19% |          13      3.48%     25.67% |          16      4.28%     29.95% |          12      3.21%     33.16% |          12      3.21%     36.36% |          12      3.21%     39.57% |          13      3.48%     43.05% |          16      4.28%     47.33% |          14      3.74%     51.07% |          10      2.67%     53.74% |          12      3.21%     56.95% |          12      3.21%     60.16% |          12      3.21%     63.37% |           7      1.87%     65.24% |          10      2.67%     67.91% |          10      2.67%     70.59% |           8      2.14%     72.73% |           9      2.41%     75.13% |          10      2.67%     77.81% |           6      1.60%     79.41% |          11      2.94%     82.35% |          11      2.94%     85.29% |           8      2.14%     87.43% |          13      3.48%     90.91% |           7      1.87%     92.78% |          10      2.67%     95.45% |          10      2.67%     98.13% |           7      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          374                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |        1515      3.07%      3.07% |        1530      3.10%      6.18% |        1518      3.08%      9.26% |        1517      3.08%     12.34% |        1540      3.12%     15.46% |        1542      3.13%     18.59% |        1522      3.09%     21.68% |        1536      3.12%     24.80% |        1494      3.03%     27.83% |        1550      3.15%     30.97% |        1560      3.17%     34.14% |        1553      3.15%     37.29% |        1541      3.13%     40.41% |        1542      3.13%     43.54% |        1544      3.13%     46.68% |        1546      3.14%     49.81% |        1551      3.15%     52.96% |        1506      3.06%     56.02% |        1518      3.08%     59.10% |        1520      3.08%     62.18% |        1521      3.09%     65.27% |        1511      3.07%     68.33% |        1506      3.06%     71.39% |        1514      3.07%     74.46% |        1520      3.08%     77.54% |        1578      3.20%     80.75% |        1573      3.19%     83.94% |        1570      3.19%     87.12% |        1577      3.20%     90.32% |        1580      3.21%     93.53% |        1589      3.22%     96.75% |        1600      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        49284                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           5      4.67%      4.67% |           1      0.93%      5.61% |           3      2.80%      8.41% |           1      0.93%      9.35% |           5      4.67%     14.02% |           2      1.87%     15.89% |           3      2.80%     18.69% |           2      1.87%     20.56% |           5      4.67%     25.23% |           3      2.80%     28.04% |           5      4.67%     32.71% |           4      3.74%     36.45% |           5      4.67%     41.12% |           2      1.87%     42.99% |           5      4.67%     47.66% |           5      4.67%     52.34% |           3      2.80%     55.14% |           2      1.87%     57.01% |           5      4.67%     61.68% |           2      1.87%     63.55% |           3      2.80%     66.36% |           2      1.87%     68.22% |           4      3.74%     71.96% |           1      0.93%     72.90% |           2      1.87%     74.77% |           4      3.74%     78.50% |           2      1.87%     80.37% |           5      4.67%     85.05% |           2      1.87%     86.92% |           5      4.67%     91.59% |           4      3.74%     95.33% |           5      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         494      3.49%      3.49% |         420      2.97%      6.46% |         413      2.92%      9.37% |         409      2.89%     12.26% |         411      2.90%     15.17% |         414      2.92%     18.09% |         407      2.88%     20.97% |         415      2.93%     23.90% |         512      3.62%     27.51% |         429      3.03%     30.55% |         446      3.15%     33.70% |         420      2.97%     36.66% |         436      3.08%     39.74% |         424      3.00%     42.74% |         421      2.97%     45.71% |         420      2.97%     48.68% |         427      3.02%     51.70% |         453      3.20%     54.90% |         447      3.16%     58.05% |         448      3.16%     61.22% |         446      3.15%     64.37% |         445      3.14%     67.51% |         443      3.13%     70.64% |         453      3.20%     73.84% |         470      3.32%     77.16% |         462      3.26%     80.43% |         473      3.34%     83.77% |         460      3.25%     87.02% |         461      3.26%     90.27% |         458      3.24%     93.51% |         463      3.27%     96.78% |         456      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        14156                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         548      3.30%      3.30% |         470      2.83%      6.13% |         465      2.80%      8.93% |         465      2.80%     11.73% |         510      3.07%     14.81% |         467      2.81%     17.62% |         506      3.05%     20.67% |         529      3.19%     23.85% |         546      3.29%     27.14% |         484      2.92%     30.06% |         534      3.22%     33.27% |         566      3.41%     36.68% |         618      3.72%     40.40% |         561      3.38%     43.78% |         577      3.48%     47.26% |         521      3.14%     50.40% |         530      3.19%     53.59% |         568      3.42%     57.01% |         563      3.39%     60.40% |         506      3.05%     63.45% |         503      3.03%     66.48% |         519      3.13%     69.61% |         482      2.90%     72.51% |         469      2.82%     75.33% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         591      3.56%     82.19% |         533      3.21%     85.40% |         477      2.87%     88.27% |         486      2.93%     91.20% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       19165      8.08%      8.08% |        7114      3.00%     11.07% |        7113      3.00%     14.07% |        7064      2.98%     17.05% |        7032      2.96%     20.01% |        7011      2.95%     22.97% |        7025      2.96%     25.93% |        7026      2.96%     28.89% |        7067      2.98%     31.87% |        7067      2.98%     34.84% |        7103      2.99%     37.84% |        7026      2.96%     40.80% |        7036      2.96%     43.76% |        7032      2.96%     46.73% |        7035      2.96%     49.69% |        6997      2.95%     52.64% |        7038      2.97%     55.60% |        7008      2.95%     58.56% |        7047      2.97%     61.53% |        7023      2.96%     64.49% |        7019      2.96%     67.44% |        7004      2.95%     70.40% |        7023      2.96%     73.36% |        7018      2.96%     76.31% |        7040      2.97%     79.28% |        7037      2.97%     82.25% |        7021      2.96%     85.20% |        6997      2.95%     88.15% |        7042      2.97%     91.12% |        7023      2.96%     94.08% |        6998      2.95%     97.03% |        7051      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       237302                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.83%      6.10% |         465      2.80%      8.90% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         511      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.80%     17.57% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         529      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         487      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.22% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.72% |         579      3.48%     47.21% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.42%     56.98% |         562      3.38%     60.36% |         510      3.07%     63.43% |         505      3.04%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         489      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40859      3.16%      3.16% |       40329      3.12%      6.29% |       40341      3.12%      9.41% |       40347      3.12%     12.53% |       40353      3.12%     15.66% |       40362      3.13%     18.78% |       40339      3.12%     21.91% |       40336      3.12%     25.03% |       40349      3.12%     28.15% |       40344      3.12%     31.28% |       40329      3.12%     34.40% |       40358      3.12%     37.53% |       40339      3.12%     40.65% |       40338      3.12%     43.77% |       40341      3.12%     46.90% |       40330      3.12%     50.02% |       40353      3.12%     53.14% |       40351      3.12%     56.27% |       40349      3.12%     59.39% |       40345      3.12%     62.52% |       40340      3.12%     65.64% |       40354      3.12%     68.76% |       40339      3.12%     71.89% |       40341      3.12%     75.01% |       40348      3.12%     78.14% |       40345      3.12%     81.26% |       40349      3.12%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.51% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.12%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      172942      8.47%      8.47% |       64312      3.15%     11.62% |       58809      2.88%     14.50% |       58501      2.87%     17.36% |       57845      2.83%     20.20% |       56547      2.77%     22.97% |       55050      2.70%     25.66% |       55349      2.71%     28.37% |       58875      2.88%     31.26% |       57766      2.83%     34.09% |       60706      2.97%     37.06% |       60258      2.95%     40.01% |       56910      2.79%     42.80% |       56838      2.78%     45.58% |       56497      2.77%     48.35% |       56913      2.79%     51.14% |       58936      2.89%     54.02% |       58559      2.87%     56.89% |       59937      2.94%     59.83% |       60922      2.98%     62.81% |       60961      2.99%     65.79% |       63144      3.09%     68.89% |       64370      3.15%     72.04% |       60597      2.97%     75.01% |       61055      2.99%     78.00% |       62515      3.06%     81.06% |       60846      2.98%     84.04% |       61467      3.01%     87.05% |       64139      3.14%     90.19% |       61960      3.03%     93.23% |       70076      3.43%     96.66% |       68256      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041858                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           6     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total            8                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      130337     21.98%     21.98% |      296481     50.00%     71.98% |        5377      0.91%     72.89% |        7008      1.18%     74.07% |        5468      0.92%     74.99% |        6283      1.06%     76.05% |        5270      0.89%     76.94% |        6416      1.08%     78.02% |        5071      0.86%     78.88% |        5790      0.98%     79.85% |        5566      0.94%     80.79% |        5846      0.99%     81.78% |        6558      1.11%     82.88% |        5146      0.87%     83.75% |        4803      0.81%     84.56% |        5141      0.87%     85.43% |        6298      1.06%     86.49% |        6031      1.02%     87.51% |        5197      0.88%     88.38% |        5058      0.85%     89.24% |        4938      0.83%     90.07% |        5743      0.97%     91.04% |        4965      0.84%     91.88% |        4758      0.80%     92.68% |        5657      0.95%     93.63% |        5211      0.88%     94.51% |        5034      0.85%     95.36% |        5104      0.86%     96.22% |        5263      0.89%     97.11% |        5285      0.89%     98.00% |        5906      1.00%     99.00% |        5953      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       592962                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      130337     21.98%     21.98% |      296481     50.00%     71.98% |        5377      0.91%     72.89% |        7008      1.18%     74.07% |        5468      0.92%     74.99% |        6283      1.06%     76.05% |        5270      0.89%     76.94% |        6416      1.08%     78.02% |        5071      0.86%     78.88% |        5790      0.98%     79.85% |        5566      0.94%     80.79% |        5846      0.99%     81.78% |        6558      1.11%     82.88% |        5146      0.87%     83.75% |        4803      0.81%     84.56% |        5141      0.87%     85.43% |        6298      1.06%     86.49% |        6031      1.02%     87.51% |        5197      0.88%     88.38% |        5058      0.85%     89.24% |        4938      0.83%     90.07% |        5743      0.97%     91.04% |        4965      0.84%     91.88% |        4758      0.80%     92.68% |        5657      0.95%     93.63% |        5211      0.88%     94.51% |        5034      0.85%     95.36% |        5104      0.86%     96.22% |        5263      0.89%     97.11% |        5285      0.89%     98.00% |        5906      1.00%     99.00% |        5953      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       592962                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      130337     21.98%     21.98% |      296481     50.00%     71.98% |        5377      0.91%     72.89% |        7008      1.18%     74.07% |        5468      0.92%     74.99% |        6283      1.06%     76.05% |        5270      0.89%     76.94% |        6416      1.08%     78.02% |        5071      0.86%     78.88% |        5790      0.98%     79.85% |        5566      0.94%     80.79% |        5846      0.99%     81.78% |        6558      1.11%     82.88% |        5146      0.87%     83.75% |        4803      0.81%     84.56% |        5141      0.87%     85.43% |        6298      1.06%     86.49% |        6031      1.02%     87.51% |        5197      0.88%     88.38% |        5058      0.85%     89.24% |        4938      0.83%     90.07% |        5743      0.97%     91.04% |        4965      0.84%     91.88% |        4758      0.80%     92.68% |        5657      0.95%     93.63% |        5211      0.88%     94.51% |        5034      0.85%     95.36% |        5104      0.86%     96.22% |        5263      0.89%     97.11% |        5285      0.89%     98.00% |        5906      1.00%     99.00% |        5953      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       592962                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      130337     21.98%     21.98% |      296481     50.00%     71.98% |        5377      0.91%     72.89% |        7008      1.18%     74.07% |        5468      0.92%     74.99% |        6283      1.06%     76.05% |        5270      0.89%     76.94% |        6416      1.08%     78.02% |        5071      0.86%     78.88% |        5790      0.98%     79.85% |        5566      0.94%     80.79% |        5846      0.99%     81.78% |        6558      1.11%     82.88% |        5146      0.87%     83.75% |        4803      0.81%     84.56% |        5141      0.87%     85.43% |        6298      1.06%     86.49% |        6031      1.02%     87.51% |        5197      0.88%     88.38% |        5058      0.85%     89.24% |        4938      0.83%     90.07% |        5743      0.97%     91.04% |        4965      0.84%     91.88% |        4758      0.80%     92.68% |        5657      0.95%     93.63% |        5211      0.88%     94.51% |        5034      0.85%     95.36% |        5104      0.86%     96.22% |        5263      0.89%     97.11% |        5285      0.89%     98.00% |        5906      1.00%     99.00% |        5953      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       592962                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
