
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.131443                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                131443303500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5307611382000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69886                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   120393                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              210469159                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4259292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   624.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    43645829                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75188363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21448064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21448064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13541376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13541376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    163173501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            163173501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103020661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103020661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    266194162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           266194162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335126                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211584                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335126                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21446656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13541312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21448064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13541376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     8092                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2675                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 131442757500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335126                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 185216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  18342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  16035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  13630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  12350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  11265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   9203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   7984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   6903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  5810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  4932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  4051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  8737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  38806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  40138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  40614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  40698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  40271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   3119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   5139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       154615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.285108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.289285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.616082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        53348     34.50%     34.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31958     20.67%     55.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52668     34.06%     89.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5589      3.61%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3800      2.46%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2058      1.33%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1347      0.87%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1077      0.70%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2770      1.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       154615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        39047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.581581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.993709                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        39033     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        39047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        39047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.418675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.289292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.592698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36968     94.68%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1259      3.22%     97.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          414      1.06%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          406      1.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        39047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 14526496531                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            20809696531                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1675520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    43349.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               62099.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      163.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   163.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  253281                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 138783                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    240425.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041737750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    99009507750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              590095800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              578786040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              321976875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              315805875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1314027000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1299651600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688338000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            682719840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        50208306075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49774838175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34821594000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35201829000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96529339110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          96438631890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.398802                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.708698                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20798208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20798208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12914688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12914688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    158229499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            158229499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98252917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98252917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    256482416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           256482416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324972                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201792                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324972                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20797120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12914560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20798208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12914688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     4310                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2029                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 131442479500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324972                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 181314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  15745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  15702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  14345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  13011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  11700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  10486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   9154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   6649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  5546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  4894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  36971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  38263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  38648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  38714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  38844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   3275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   4200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       127705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.974378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   202.890627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.895271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26444     20.71%     20.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31353     24.55%     45.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52253     40.92%     86.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5195      4.07%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4340      3.40%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2138      1.67%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1508      1.18%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1151      0.90%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3323      2.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       127705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.731673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.281396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37178     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           32      0.09%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        37212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.422713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.287635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.621345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34999     94.05%     94.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1378      3.70%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          471      1.27%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          364      0.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        37212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 12626888111                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            18719794361                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    38857.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               57607.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      158.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   158.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  254510                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 144524                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    249528.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28548848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    98502052000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              488776680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              476665560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              266693625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              260085375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275526200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259013600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656903520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650695680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49646055510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48705616215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35314796250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36139743000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          96233753145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          96076820790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.149973                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.956026                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20796736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20796736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12915072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12915072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    158218300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            158218300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98255838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98255838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    256474138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           256474138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324949                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201798                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324949                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201798                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20795648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12915072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20796736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12915072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     4075                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1842                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 131443213500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324949                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201798                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 181301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  15573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  15787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  14173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  12935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  11759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   9302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   8147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  5700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  4662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  4632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  36973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  38325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  38682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  38724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  38810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       127356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   264.691228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.543579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.721313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26504     20.81%     20.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30289     23.78%     44.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53029     41.64%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5084      3.99%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4376      3.44%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2118      1.66%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1510      1.19%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1106      0.87%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3340      2.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       127356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.732685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.312640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37176     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           29      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        37207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.423657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.288653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.619415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34955     93.95%     93.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1424      3.83%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          474      1.27%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          354      0.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        37207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12666125373                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            18758600373                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    38980.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               57730.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      158.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   158.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  254402                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 144967                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    249537.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403746500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    98647358500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              488360880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              474435360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              266466750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              258868500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275354600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259013600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656819280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            650831760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        49377808665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        48449738655                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35550102000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36364198500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          96199913535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          96042087735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.892506                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.691762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20775744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20775744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12913984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12913984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201781                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201781                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158058596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158058596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98247561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98247561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    256306157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           256306157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324621                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201781                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324621                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201781                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20774912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12913920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20775744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12913984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     2755                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1710                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 131442483000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324621                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201781                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 180972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  15767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  15965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  14330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  12961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  11672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   9115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   6855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  5770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  3243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  37026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  38335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  38724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  38793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  38857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   2937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       126568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.167246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.284243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.779293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25650     20.27%     20.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30312     23.95%     44.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53141     41.99%     86.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5171      4.09%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4186      3.31%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2116      1.67%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1528      1.21%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1103      0.87%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3361      2.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       126568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.716453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.682701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37205     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           31      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        37239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.418513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.287431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.585984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34984     93.94%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1474      3.96%     97.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          472      1.27%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          309      0.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        37239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 12444289335                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            18530689335                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1623040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    38336.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               57086.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  254250                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 145566                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    249699.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931106750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    99119793250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              484807680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              472038840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              264528000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              257560875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273576200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258257000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656728560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650805840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        49151385855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        48405962655                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35748717000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36402597000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          96164744655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          96032223570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.624954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.616729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11833246                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 37.864662                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.215686                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                71.667069                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11735337     99.17%     99.17% |       97899      0.83%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11833246                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33129023                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.999767                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.525597                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.114066                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    31256095     94.35%     94.35% |     1350668      4.08%     98.42% |       55996      0.17%     98.59% |       68554      0.21%     98.80% |       43079      0.13%     98.93% |       50406      0.15%     99.08% |       45007      0.14%     99.22% |       99111      0.30%     99.52% |      160107      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33129023                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33129022                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              17.910269                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.800940                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             94.981408                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33089054     99.88%     99.88% |       31015      0.09%     99.97% |        4565      0.01%     99.99% |        3282      0.01%    100.00% |         944      0.00%    100.00% |         153      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33129022                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        31208739                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000174                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000150                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013246                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    31203311     99.98%     99.98% |        5423      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          31208739                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920283                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        260.231464                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       177.732692                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       305.462307                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1880315     97.92%     97.92% |       31015      1.62%     99.53% |        4565      0.24%     99.77% |        3282      0.17%     99.94% |         944      0.05%     99.99% |         153      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920283                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         277712                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       277712                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           71                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           39                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           30                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24132055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25305388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      7075269                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125756                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7201025                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       489017                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        45123                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       152500                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2086095                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70103                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          180                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77644                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         9050                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77643                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         9144                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         9302                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         9086                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77639                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         9005                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          177                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         9117                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         8861                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         9006                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       124957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50784                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58044                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54924                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51915                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51344                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40570                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14127                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54753                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52646                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52769                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61596                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56674                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16583                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57233                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55810                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40554                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57016                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40572                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59618                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19810                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40593                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60403                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27985                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63071                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53696                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40575                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49714                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40586                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55170                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        47119                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     19141226                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     19141226                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19412933                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     19141226                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8301313                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8266310                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     19141226                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.072812                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      8303776                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      8303776                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8555939                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8303776                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4298774                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4234168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      8303776                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.031587                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5877124                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5877124                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6086653                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5877124                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2398394                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2382168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5877124                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022356                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4928688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4928688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5129913                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4928688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2099556                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2086732                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4928688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018748                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6840598                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6840598                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7092961                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6840598                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3296557                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3255302                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6840598                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.026021                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6769020                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6769020                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7001668                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6769020                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3160884                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3137624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6769020                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025749                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7620172                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7620172                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7929941                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7620172                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2924776                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2886456                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7620172                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028987                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      5017099                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      5017099                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5307705                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5017099                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2107867                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2068295                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      5017099                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019085                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3339959                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3339959                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3463897                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3339959                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1477098                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1461983                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3339959                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012705                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4579082                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4579082                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4809313                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4579082                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2169025                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2138702                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4579082                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017418                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3144972                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3144972                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3222985                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3144972                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1272091                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1262528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3144972                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011963                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2727824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2727824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2742434                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2727824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1089669                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1089360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2727824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010376                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3793702                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3793702                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3813135                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3793702                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1676959                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676542                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3793702                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014431                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2890746                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2890746                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2906030                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2890746                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1167961                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1167590                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2890746                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.010996                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1689325                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1689325                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1708311                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1689325                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       658419                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       657225                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1689325                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006426                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2500236                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2500236                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2541156                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2500236                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       988938                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       986672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2500236                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009511                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3515807                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3515807                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3564680                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3515807                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1300800                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1297151                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3515807                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013374                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2671469                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2671469                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2725857                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2671469                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1026561                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1021977                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2671469                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010162                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2665885                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2665885                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2726768                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2665885                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1069608                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1065025                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2665885                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010141                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584424                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584424                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1595972                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584424                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       627995                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627624                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584424                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006027                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1451245                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1451245                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1453728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1451245                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       633241                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       633193                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1451245                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2050301                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2050301                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2053545                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2050301                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       956602                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956281                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2050301                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007799                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1703974                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1703974                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1707787                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1703974                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       742715                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       742654                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1703974                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006482                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059653                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059653                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059653                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059653                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433957                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433957                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059653                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004031                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1394566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1394566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1397316                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1394566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       581395                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581362                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1394566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005305                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1882897                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1882897                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1886332                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1882897                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       862733                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862397                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1882897                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007162                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1638659                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1638659                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1642636                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1638659                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702487                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702423                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1638659                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006233                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060824                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060824                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060824                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060824                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431848                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431848                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060824                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004035                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6154874                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6154874                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6419835                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6154874                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2525853                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2520130                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6154874                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023413                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6140465                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6140465                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6351226                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6140465                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2478281                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2470573                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6140465                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023358                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6267592                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6267592                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6503232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6267592                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2492872                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2482948                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6267592                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023841                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6404770                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6404770                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6629109                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6404770                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2579677                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2566910                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6404770                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024363                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    10535597     29.22%     29.22% |    23709878     65.76%     94.97% |     1812057      5.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     36057532                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    10535597     29.22%     29.22% |    23709878     65.76%     94.97% |     1812057      5.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     36057532                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   331243980                       |   576274592                       |    39974240                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   305724279                       |    91890844                       |     1812058                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.440457                       |   24.305253                       |   22.060145                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   29.018221                       |    3.875635                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.277251                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    11.077496                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         37.354747                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002135                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.048204      7.33%      7.33% |    0.047966      7.29%     14.62% |    0.047842      7.28%     21.90% |    0.047729      7.26%     29.16% |    0.109131     16.60%     45.75% |    0.106761     16.24%     61.99% |    0.109049     16.58%     78.57% |    0.106705     16.23%     94.80% |    0.008547      1.30%     96.10% |    0.008548      1.30%     97.40% |    0.008549      1.30%     98.70% |    0.008548      1.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.657578                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016263                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028774                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004901                       |    0.001989                       |    0.001870                       |    0.001955                       |    0.001968                       |    0.001888                       |    0.001799                       |    0.001792                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001916                       |    0.001989                       |    0.001918                       |    0.001851                       |    0.001835                       |    0.001848                       |    0.001814                       |    0.001913                       |    0.001865                       |    0.001892                       |    0.001976                       |    0.001984                       |    0.002200                       |    0.002071                       |    0.001959                       |    0.001972                       |    0.001928                       |    0.001941                       |    0.001962                       |    0.002024                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002224                       |    0.002101                       |    0.007642                       |    0.007409                       |    0.007409                       |    0.007401                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000841                       |    0.001898                       |    0.000132                       |    0.000135                       |    0.000134                       |    0.000132                       |    0.000132                       |    0.000137                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000128                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002104                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002075                       |    0.001249                       |    0.001770                       |    0.002012                       |    0.000127                       |    0.002327                       |    0.004774                       |    0.001694                       |           0                       |    0.002134                       |    0.005672                       |           0                       |    0.004990                       |    0.008223                       |    0.002394                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000132                       |    0.004932                       |    0.003982                       |    0.009558                       |    0.001770                       |    0.002040                       |    0.000135                       |    0.007636                       |    0.004155                       |    0.003011                       |           0                       |    0.002151                       |    0.005446                       |           0                       |    0.008120                       |    0.004571                       |    0.003070                       |           0                       |    0.002024                       |           0                       |    0.003890                       |    0.002291                       |    0.002172                       |           0                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |    0.001249                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001118                       |    0.002200                       |    0.002232                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001998                       |    0.000128                       |    0.002421                       |    0.004161                       |    0.004899                       |    0.002040                       |    0.001771                       |    0.002059                       |    0.000134                       |    0.004041                       |    0.008404                       |    0.006638                       |    0.002976                       |    0.029229                       |    0.004341                       |    0.000841                       |    0.003329                       |    0.013757                       |    0.017462                       |    0.003852                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002097                       |    0.001898                       |    0.003390                       |    0.007047                       |    0.013334                       |    0.003821                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001971                       |    0.000132                       |    0.005866                       |    0.005010                       |    0.007413                       |    0.003586                       |           0                       |    0.001954                       |           0                       |    0.001916                       |    0.003778                       |    0.003835                       |    0.002948                       |           0                       |    0.002039                       |           0                       |    0.001043                       |    0.001928                       |    0.002153                       |           0                       |    0.002149                       |           0                       |    0.000190                       |    0.002071                       |    0.002072                       |           0                       |    0.002079                       |           0                       |    0.001911                       |    0.002179                       |    0.003842                       |    0.001953                       |           0                       |    0.002347                       |    0.005446                       |           0                       |    0.001702                       |    0.004978                       |    0.007452                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001898                       |    0.000132                       |    0.015052                       |    0.004914                       |    0.003216                       |    0.002004                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001900                       |    0.000137                       |    0.002216                       |    0.007432                       |    0.003669                       |    0.001961                       |           0                       |    0.002198                       |    0.005443                       |           0                       |    0.002380                       |    0.008069                       |    0.004273                       |    0.002000                       |           0                       |    0.001925                       |           0                       |    0.001067                       |    0.003775                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002089                       |           0                       |    0.002069                       |           0                       |    0.000150                       |    0.001941                       |    0.002073                       |           0                       |    0.002072                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001959                       |           0                       |    0.001953                       |           0                       |    0.000885                       |           0                       |    0.003588                       |           0                       |    0.001917                       |           0                       |    0.002477                       |    0.000666                       |    0.004451                       |           0                       |    0.002004                       |           0                       |    0.007153                       |    0.002191                       |    0.002025                       |           0                       |    0.001961                       |           0                       |    0.000885                       |    0.005005                       |    0.002311                       |           0                       |    0.002000                       |           0                       |    0.003830                       |    0.004311                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002089                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003938                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002073                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001962                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.657578                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6838706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6838706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4263688                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3628068                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.092249                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          529201                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30342                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14142676                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84173                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            19156954                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182127                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14226849                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19339081                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  33299630                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266300                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              33565930                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7208256                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7217906                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7208256                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7217906                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                259139769                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24722346                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51591323                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6838706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4157269                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             228873899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       427327                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340244                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7207582                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217777                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    255157352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.363534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.517012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        237935647     93.25%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2348469      0.92%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1320113      0.52%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1068521      0.42%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1906660      0.75%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1510036      0.59%     96.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1205090      0.47%     96.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           745715      0.29%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7117101      2.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    255157352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.199087                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12055571                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     230077253                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6905421                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5664662                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454438                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       88129746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454438                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14422973                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       123462007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15552709                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          10040941                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      91224277                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       86051009                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2674317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     84866979                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     207852440                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    136046481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      72633958                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12233008                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41123985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7331688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19534355                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       942098                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       751148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           84307281                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       512820                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          88724698                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320016                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9372120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508857                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128995                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255157352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.347725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.033861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217303546     85.16%     85.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14639540      5.74%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11532274      4.52%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3712479      1.45%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3375885      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2357545      0.92%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394807      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507142      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334134      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255157352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135449     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928786     76.10%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156283     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574085      0.65%      0.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      54511799     61.44%     62.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14145820     15.94%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19384638     21.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       88724698                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.342382                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220518                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013756                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434147244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     94201196                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     80389310                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       89371112                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1369868                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340559                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9253                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8037771                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454438                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5199037                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115464569                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     84820101                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7331688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19534355                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       503808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          79267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9253                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335084                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472281                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      88016012                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13946887                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             33124996                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5414128                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           19178109                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.339647                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               80506351                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              80389322                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          36090286                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          57475778                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.310216                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.627922                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9630155                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       383825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405889                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253574502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.296514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.034730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    222332522     87.68%     87.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11579859      4.57%     92.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11553259      4.56%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3077439      1.21%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1375481      0.54%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       526325      0.21%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674475      0.27%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551869      0.22%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1903273      0.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253574502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     43645828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75188360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24773412                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5991128                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4941336                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          74575357                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       443625                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.43%      0.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49985041     66.48%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5991128      7.97%     75.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18782284     24.98%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75188360                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1903273                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            336287399                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           171225828                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86510                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3982417                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            43645828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75188360                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       5.937332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 5.937332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.168426                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.168426                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        141657639                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        55155393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27385136                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22607813                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        44415297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2109302500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2109302500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502063                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        51.882859                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       30.050428                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      102.632842                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5404154     98.22%     98.22% |       97899      1.78%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502063                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313217                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.691977                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.289817                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.254287                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4443416     70.38%     70.38% |     1824891     28.91%     99.29% |       35124      0.56%     99.84% |        7902      0.13%     99.97% |        1626      0.03%    100.00% |         210      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313217                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17966                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.268173                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.960872                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.120254                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         616      3.43%      3.43% |        2080     11.58%     15.01% |        8221     45.76%     60.76% |        4212     23.44%     84.21% |        2813     15.66%     99.87% |          23      0.13%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17966                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6703049                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           39.097996                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.771217                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         165.146549                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6676786     99.61%     99.61% |       19493      0.29%     99.90% |        3424      0.05%     99.95% |        2480      0.04%     99.99% |         731      0.01%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6703049                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5970841                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000602                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000519                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.024653                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5967259     99.94%     99.94% |        3577      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5970841                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732208                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     333.456704                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    209.520679                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    390.389052                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      705945     96.41%     96.41% |       19493      2.66%     99.08% |        3424      0.47%     99.54% |        2480      0.34%     99.88% |         731      0.10%     99.98% |         126      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732208                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18930061                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           15.593009                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.750147                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          76.173807                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18916360     99.93%     99.93% |       11518      0.06%     99.99% |        1141      0.01%     99.99% |         802      0.00%    100.00% |         213      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18930061                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17896412                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000097                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000083                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009834                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17894681     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17896412                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033649                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     233.624418                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    178.655282                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    236.604523                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1019948     98.67%     98.67% |       11518      1.11%     99.79% |        1141      0.11%     99.90% |         802      0.08%     99.98% |         213      0.02%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033649                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7201025                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.485365                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.174813                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.747421                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7185189     99.78%     99.78% |       12598      0.17%     99.96% |        2897      0.04%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7201025                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      7075269                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000532                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7075267    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      7075269                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125756                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.054789                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.839587                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.943108                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      109920     87.41%     87.41% |       12598     10.02%     97.43% |        2897      2.30%     99.73% |          85      0.07%     99.80% |         108      0.09%     99.88% |         117      0.09%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125756                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.916153                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.693970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287276     97.85%     97.85% |        4937      1.68%     99.53% |        1113      0.38%     99.91% |         133      0.05%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264828     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.643890                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.345624                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.616146                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4937     17.24%     95.22% |        1113      3.89%     99.11% |         133      0.46%     99.57% |          63      0.22%     99.79% |          49      0.17%     99.97% |           8      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       197997                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3907654                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        23170                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    43780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    43764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    42891                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    45013                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    43547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    43271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    43782                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    44304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  34076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  34092                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  34965                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  32843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  34309                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  34585                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  34074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  33552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    15538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    15678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    16015                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    15466                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    15516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    15629                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    15272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    15482                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3192191                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 3167221                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140197274520952                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            140197274393007                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 3194062                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 3164163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 3176995                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                33980034                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                34689                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                34550                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                33493                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                35524                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                34554                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                34005                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                35109                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                35161                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              24479                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              24618                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              25675                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              23644                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              24614                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              25163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              24059                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              24007                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                9091                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                9214                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                9398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                9489                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                8993                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                9266                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                8673                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                9143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              9597                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              9474                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              9290                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              9199                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              9695                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              9422                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             10015                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              9545                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                4079865                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                4076450                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4112884                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                3993432                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                4082106                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4079420                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4091796                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                4050381                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               3859034                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               3851786                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               3895043                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               3760417                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               3859844                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               3868232                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               3846618                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               3826558                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              1374979                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1343498                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              1337529                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              1313347                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1382129                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              1333371                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              1376170                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1322959                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          3859034                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          3851786                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          3895043                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          3760417                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          3859844                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          3868232                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          3846618                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          3826558                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1374979                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1343498                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1337529                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1313347                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1382129                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1333371                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1376170                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1322959                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            4019353                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            4015938                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4052372                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            3932920                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            4021594                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4018908                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4031284                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            3989869                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          4050709                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          4043758                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4088613                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          3940996                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          4059718                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4041234                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          4076407                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          4020007                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             24779                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             24812                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             25412                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             23817                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             24941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             25290                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             24661                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             24285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2816                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2936                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              3049                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2845                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2932                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2814                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2928                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              7016                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              7762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6802                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              7935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              6958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              7669                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5970                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6433                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335101     25.59%     25.59% |      324972     24.81%     50.40% |      324949     24.81%     75.21% |      324621     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309643                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205768     25.93%     25.93% |      195970     24.69%     50.62% |      195973     24.69%     75.31% |      195954     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793665                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335126     25.59%     25.59% |      324972     24.81%     50.40% |      324949     24.81%     75.21% |      324621     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309668                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211584     25.90%     25.90% |      201792     24.70%     50.60% |      201798     24.70%     75.30% |      201781     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       816955                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121141     25.07%     25.07% |      120810     25.00%     50.07% |      120784     25.00%     75.07% |      120475     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       483210                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335101     25.59%     25.59% |      324972     24.81%     50.40% |      324949     24.81%     75.21% |      324621     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309643                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205531     25.92%     25.92% |      195792     24.69%     50.61% |      195798     24.69%     75.31% |      195781     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       792902                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121141     25.07%     25.07% |      120810     25.00%     50.07% |      120784     25.00%     75.07% |      120475     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       483210                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335101     25.59%     25.59% |      324972     24.81%     50.40% |      324949     24.81%     75.21% |      324621     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309643                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205531     25.92%     25.92% |      195792     24.69%     50.61% |      195798     24.69%     75.31% |      195781     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       792902                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6235626     92.95%     92.95% |          17      0.00%     92.95% |       59146      0.88%     93.83% |       59149      0.88%     94.71% |       59143      0.88%     95.59% |       59144      0.88%     96.47% |       59147      0.88%     97.36% |       59146      0.88%     98.24% |       59146      0.88%     99.12% |       59144      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6708808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7201087    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7201087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    19079658     99.22%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |       18688      0.10%     99.32% |       18688      0.10%     99.42% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       18688      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.71% |       18688      0.10%     99.81% |       18688      0.10%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19229162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17919     99.86%     99.86% |          17      0.09%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           4      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297104     67.76%     67.76% |           0      0.00%     67.76% |       77142      4.03%     71.79% |       77135      4.03%     75.82% |       77155      4.03%     79.85% |       77137      4.03%     83.88% |       77131      4.03%     87.91% |       77142      4.03%     91.94% |       77143      4.03%     95.97% |       77145      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260078     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58956      8.06%     43.60% |       58955      8.06%     51.66% |       58973      8.06%     59.71% |       58954      8.06%     67.77% |       58952      8.06%     75.83% |       58961      8.06%     83.88% |       58961      8.06%     91.94% |       58961      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038989     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18688      1.57%     88.99% |       18688      1.57%     90.57% |       18687      1.57%     92.14% |       18688      1.57%     93.71% |       18687      1.57%     95.28% |       18686      1.57%     96.86% |       18688      1.57%     98.43% |       18688      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170618     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77132      4.31%     69.80% |       77131      4.31%     74.11% |       77148      4.32%     78.43% |       77130      4.31%     82.74% |       77127      4.31%     87.06% |       77135      4.31%     91.37% |       77137      4.31%     95.69% |       77131      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259978     35.53%     35.53% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58956      8.06%     43.59% |       58955      8.06%     51.65% |       58973      8.06%     59.71% |       58958      8.06%     67.77% |       58952      8.06%     75.82% |       58961      8.06%     83.88% |       58961      8.06%     91.94% |       58961      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122048    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18688      1.76%     89.44% |       18687      1.76%     91.20% |       18688      1.76%     92.96% |       18687      1.76%     94.72% |       18686      1.76%     96.48% |       18688      1.76%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           4      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3708    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          32    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1660     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     7075269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      7075269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4654     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3274298     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |         180      0.01%     99.96% |         181      0.01%     99.97% |         163      0.00%     99.97% |         178      0.01%     99.98% |         184      0.01%     99.98% |         175      0.01%     99.99% |         175      0.01%     99.99% |         175      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3275709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63131    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1945     99.95%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194952     29.37%     29.37% |           0      0.00%     29.37% |       58590      8.83%     38.20% |       58589      8.83%     47.03% |       58623      8.83%     55.86% |       58588      8.83%     64.69% |       58586      8.83%     73.51% |       58595      8.83%     82.34% |       58603      8.83%     91.17% |       58591      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2687933    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2687933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18099494    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18099498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         260    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975666     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18542      1.65%     88.45% |       18542      1.65%     90.10% |       18525      1.65%     91.75% |       18542      1.65%     93.40% |       18541      1.65%     95.05% |       18540      1.65%     96.70% |       18534      1.65%     98.35% |       18540      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     98.54%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |          10      0.30%     98.84% |           4      0.12%     98.96% |           7      0.21%     99.16% |           3      0.09%     99.25% |           4      0.12%     99.37% |           7      0.21%     99.58% |           6      0.18%     99.76% |           8      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260078     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58956      8.06%     43.60% |       58955      8.06%     51.66% |       58973      8.06%     59.71% |       58954      8.06%     67.77% |       58952      8.06%     75.83% |       58961      8.06%     83.88% |       58961      8.06%     91.94% |       58961      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912797     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18688      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.20% |       18688      1.76%     92.96% |       18687      1.76%     94.72% |       18686      1.76%     96.48% |       18688      1.76%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.66%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |          10      0.17%     98.84% |          13      0.23%     99.06% |           7      0.12%     99.18% |           8      0.14%     99.32% |          11      0.19%     99.51% |          10      0.17%     99.69% |          10      0.17%     99.86% |           8      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170618     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77132      4.31%     69.80% |       77131      4.31%     74.11% |       77148      4.32%     78.43% |       77130      4.31%     82.74% |       77127      4.31%     87.06% |       77135      4.31%     91.37% |       77137      4.31%     95.69% |       77131      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3726      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3611      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3750      2.98%     20.65% |        3350      2.66%     23.31% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.50% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3138      2.49%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3588      2.85%     69.86% |        3421      2.72%     72.58% |        3732      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4109      3.27%     88.23% |        5241      4.17%     92.40% |        5092      4.05%     96.45% |        4467      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125793                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114150     15.59%     15.59% |       20772      2.84%     18.42% |       18701      2.55%     20.98% |       21408      2.92%     23.90% |       20938      2.86%     26.76% |       19811      2.71%     29.47% |       18236      2.49%     31.96% |       18198      2.49%     34.44% |       20747      2.83%     37.28% |       19041      2.60%     39.88% |       22393      3.06%     42.93% |       20504      2.80%     45.73% |       19005      2.60%     48.33% |       18490      2.52%     50.85% |       18187      2.48%     53.34% |       18189      2.48%     55.82% |       20276      2.77%     58.59% |       18682      2.55%     61.14% |       18866      2.58%     63.72% |       19911      2.72%     66.44% |       19861      2.71%     69.15% |       26190      3.58%     72.73% |       23104      3.16%     75.88% |       19556      2.67%     78.55% |       19506      2.66%     81.22% |       18924      2.58%     83.80% |       18457      2.52%     86.32% |       18167      2.48%     88.80% |       20082      2.74%     91.54% |       19390      2.65%     94.19% |       21160      2.89%     97.08% |       21378      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732280                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57706      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30806      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30305      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34686      3.27%     63.16% |       37250      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33994      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062322                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171539      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.62% |       49094      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.32% |       53317      2.98%     21.30% |       49323      2.76%     24.06% |       45765      2.56%     26.62% |       45774      2.56%     29.18% |       51351      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.83% |       53857      3.01%     37.84% |       50842      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     45.99% |       47693      2.67%     48.66% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50376      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.70%     56.77% |       49712      2.78%     59.55% |       53822      3.01%     62.56% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63148      3.53%     69.13% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.33% |       53303      2.98%     78.31% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52123      2.92%     87.02% |       55327      3.09%     90.12% |       54977      3.08%     93.19% |       63281      3.54%     96.73% |       58399      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34171      4.31%      4.31% |       24449      3.08%      7.39% |       24467      3.09%     10.48% |       24458      3.09%     13.57% |       24448      3.08%     16.65% |       24447      3.08%     19.73% |       24452      3.08%     22.82% |       24454      3.08%     25.90% |       24483      3.09%     28.99% |       24480      3.09%     32.08% |       24480      3.09%     35.17% |       24488      3.09%     38.26% |       24468      3.09%     41.34% |       24475      3.09%     44.43% |       24471      3.09%     47.52% |       24465      3.09%     50.60% |       24493      3.09%     53.69% |       24479      3.09%     56.78% |       24486      3.09%     59.87% |       24482      3.09%     62.96% |       24469      3.09%     66.05% |       24488      3.09%     69.14% |       24479      3.09%     72.22% |       24471      3.09%     75.31% |       24478      3.09%     78.40% |       24475      3.09%     81.49% |       24468      3.09%     84.57% |       24462      3.09%     87.66% |       24467      3.09%     90.74% |       24451      3.08%     93.83% |       24460      3.09%     96.91% |       24463      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       792727                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15495      3.21%      3.21% |       15110      3.13%      6.33% |       15118      3.13%      9.46% |       15095      3.12%     12.58% |       15069      3.12%     15.70% |       15034      3.11%     18.81% |       15076      3.12%     21.93% |       15085      3.12%     25.05% |       15116      3.13%     28.18% |       15074      3.12%     31.29% |       15123      3.13%     34.42% |       15075      3.12%     37.54% |       15146      3.13%     40.67% |       15115      3.13%     43.80% |       15112      3.13%     46.93% |       15059      3.12%     50.04% |       15087      3.12%     53.16% |       15105      3.12%     56.29% |       15117      3.13%     59.42% |       15055      3.11%     62.53% |       15095      3.12%     65.65% |       15145      3.13%     68.79% |       15082      3.12%     71.91% |       15046      3.11%     75.02% |       15127      3.13%     78.15% |       15179      3.14%     81.29% |       15118      3.13%     84.42% |       15047      3.11%     87.53% |       15060      3.12%     90.65% |       15096      3.12%     93.77% |       15073      3.12%     96.89% |       15051      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       483385                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50778      3.88%      3.88% |       40607      3.10%      6.98% |       40631      3.10%     10.08% |       40599      3.10%     13.18% |       40562      3.10%     16.28% |       40526      3.09%     19.37% |       40574      3.10%     22.47% |       40585      3.10%     25.57% |       40645      3.10%     28.67% |       40600      3.10%     31.77% |       40648      3.10%     34.88% |       40608      3.10%     37.98% |       40659      3.10%     41.08% |       40635      3.10%     44.18% |       40628      3.10%     47.29% |       40569      3.10%     50.38% |       40625      3.10%     53.49% |       40630      3.10%     56.59% |       40649      3.10%     59.69% |       40583      3.10%     62.79% |       40610      3.10%     65.89% |       40680      3.11%     69.00% |       40607      3.10%     72.10% |       40562      3.10%     75.20% |       40650      3.10%     78.30% |       40701      3.11%     81.41% |       40632      3.10%     84.51% |       40554      3.10%     87.61% |       40572      3.10%     90.70% |       40593      3.10%     93.80% |       40580      3.10%     96.90% |       40561      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309643                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49754      3.90%      3.90% |       39583      3.10%      7.00% |       39607      3.10%     10.10% |       39575      3.10%     13.20% |       39538      3.10%     16.29% |       39502      3.09%     19.39% |       39550      3.10%     22.49% |       39561      3.10%     25.58% |       39621      3.10%     28.69% |       39576      3.10%     31.79% |       39624      3.10%     34.89% |       39584      3.10%     37.99% |       39635      3.10%     41.09% |       39611      3.10%     44.20% |       39604      3.10%     47.30% |       39545      3.10%     50.39% |       39601      3.10%     53.50% |       39606      3.10%     56.60% |       39625      3.10%     59.70% |       39559      3.10%     62.80% |       39586      3.10%     65.90% |       39656      3.11%     69.00% |       39583      3.10%     72.10% |       39538      3.10%     75.20% |       39626      3.10%     78.30% |       39677      3.11%     81.41% |       39608      3.10%     84.51% |       39530      3.10%     87.61% |       39548      3.10%     90.71% |       39569      3.10%     93.81% |       39556      3.10%     96.90% |       39537      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1276875                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     20.29%     20.29% |           6      2.17%     22.46% |           9      3.26%     25.72% |           6      2.17%     27.90% |           7      2.54%     30.43% |           3      1.09%     31.52% |           4      1.45%     32.97% |           6      2.17%     35.14% |           7      2.54%     37.68% |           5      1.81%     39.49% |           8      2.90%     42.39% |           5      1.81%     44.20% |           7      2.54%     46.74% |           4      1.45%     48.19% |           5      1.81%     50.00% |           5      1.81%     51.81% |           5      1.81%     53.62% |           6      2.17%     55.80% |           9      3.26%     59.06% |           8      2.90%     61.96% |          24      8.70%     70.65% |          23      8.33%     78.99% |           5      1.81%     80.80% |           6      2.17%     82.97% |           6      2.17%     85.14% |           5      1.81%     86.96% |           6      2.17%     89.13% |           6      2.17%     91.30% |           7      2.54%     93.84% |           6      2.17%     96.01% |           6      2.17%     98.19% |           5      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          276                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         575      3.26%      3.26% |         517      2.93%      6.18% |         500      2.83%      9.01% |         511      2.89%     11.91% |         505      2.86%     14.76% |         494      2.80%     17.56% |         532      3.01%     20.57% |         549      3.11%     23.68% |         564      3.19%     26.87% |         505      2.86%     29.73% |         559      3.16%     32.90% |         558      3.16%     36.06% |         604      3.42%     39.48% |         582      3.29%     42.77% |         573      3.24%     46.01% |         552      3.12%     49.14% |         575      3.26%     52.39% |         592      3.35%     55.75% |         586      3.32%     59.06% |         539      3.05%     62.12% |         530      3.00%     65.12% |         611      3.46%     68.57% |         556      3.15%     71.72% |         529      2.99%     74.72% |         577      3.27%     77.98% |         635      3.59%     81.58% |         585      3.31%     84.89% |         530      3.00%     87.89% |         505      2.86%     90.75% |         566      3.20%     93.95% |         545      3.09%     97.04% |         523      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17664                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171795      9.58%      9.58% |       54291      3.03%     12.60% |       49292      2.75%     15.35% |       52999      2.95%     18.30% |       53511      2.98%     21.29% |       49520      2.76%     24.05% |       45956      2.56%     26.61% |       45968      2.56%     29.17% |       51547      2.87%     32.04% |       49823      2.78%     34.82% |       54064      3.01%     37.83% |       51034      2.84%     40.68% |       48294      2.69%     43.37% |       46917      2.62%     45.99% |       47888      2.67%     48.65% |       46617      2.60%     51.25% |       50571      2.82%     54.07% |       48372      2.70%     56.77% |       49905      2.78%     59.55% |       54017      3.01%     62.56% |       54530      3.04%     65.60% |       63393      3.53%     69.13% |       58005      3.23%     72.37% |       53248      2.97%     75.33% |       53494      2.98%     78.32% |       51441      2.87%     81.18% |       52513      2.93%     84.11% |       52309      2.92%     87.03% |       55513      3.09%     90.12% |       55167      3.07%     93.20% |       63475      3.54%     96.73% |       58602      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794071                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         449      2.86%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.55% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.34% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         473      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         478      3.05%     71.59% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         456      2.91%     90.74% |         512      3.26%     94.00% |         488      3.11%     97.11% |         453      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25519      5.06%      5.06% |       15488      3.07%      8.13% |       15519      3.08%     11.21% |       15471      3.07%     14.28% |       15443      3.06%     17.34% |       15422      3.06%     20.40% |       15427      3.06%     23.46% |       15428      3.06%     26.52% |       15459      3.07%     29.58% |       15475      3.07%     32.65% |       15498      3.07%     35.73% |       15423      3.06%     38.78% |       15434      3.06%     41.85% |       15441      3.06%     44.91% |       15449      3.06%     47.97% |       15415      3.06%     51.03% |       15427      3.06%     54.09% |       15418      3.06%     57.14% |       15443      3.06%     60.21% |       15425      3.06%     63.27% |       15448      3.06%     66.33% |       15461      3.07%     69.40% |       15459      3.07%     72.46% |       15437      3.06%     75.52% |       15446      3.06%     78.59% |       15443      3.06%     81.65% |       15427      3.06%     84.71% |       15405      3.06%     87.76% |       15445      3.06%     90.83% |       15409      3.06%     93.88% |       15411      3.06%     96.94% |       15440      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24756      3.13%      3.13% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.25% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24696      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789701                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         507      3.23%      3.23% |         455      2.90%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.93% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         450      2.87%     14.66% |         432      2.75%     17.41% |         472      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.54% |         504      3.21%     26.76% |         442      2.82%     29.57% |         488      3.11%     32.69% |         499      3.18%     35.87% |         549      3.50%     39.37% |         522      3.33%     42.69% |         509      3.24%     45.94% |         490      3.12%     49.06% |         513      3.27%     52.33% |         532      3.39%     55.72% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.02%     65.17% |         524      3.34%     68.51% |         480      3.06%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         521      3.32%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         454      2.89%     90.75% |         511      3.26%     94.01% |         486      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15686                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88569     38.93%     38.93% |        5262      2.31%     41.24% |        3168      1.39%     42.64% |        5909      2.60%     45.23% |        5484      2.41%     47.65% |        4301      1.89%     49.54% |        2791      1.23%     50.76% |        2762      1.21%     51.98% |        5282      2.32%     54.30% |        3565      1.57%     55.87% |        6864      3.02%     58.88% |        5073      2.23%     61.11% |        3567      1.57%     62.68% |        3043      1.34%     64.02% |        2703      1.19%     65.21% |        2770      1.22%     66.42% |        4839      2.13%     68.55% |        3258      1.43%     69.98% |        3360      1.48%     71.46% |        4467      1.96%     73.42% |        4413      1.94%     75.36% |       10690      4.70%     80.06% |        7632      3.35%     83.42% |        4112      1.81%     85.22% |        4053      1.78%     87.01% |        3481      1.53%     88.54% |        3029      1.33%     89.87% |        2759      1.21%     91.08% |        4631      2.04%     93.12% |        3980      1.75%     94.87% |        5744      2.52%     97.39% |        5936      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32947     12.09%     12.09% |        8872      3.25%     15.34% |        5926      2.17%     17.52% |        6937      2.55%     20.06% |        7914      2.90%     22.97% |        5123      1.88%     24.84% |        3063      1.12%     25.97% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6124      2.25%     29.36% |        6102      2.24%     31.60% |        7039      2.58%     34.18% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.02% |        3762      1.38%     39.40% |        5065      1.86%     41.26% |        3770      1.38%     42.64% |        5622      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.90% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9979      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.63% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9308      3.41%     71.11% |        7836      2.87%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.07%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34169      4.31%      4.31% |       24445      3.08%      7.39% |       24461      3.09%     10.48% |       24454      3.09%     13.57% |       24446      3.08%     16.65% |       24440      3.08%     19.73% |       24447      3.08%     22.82% |       24453      3.09%     25.90% |       24482      3.09%     28.99% |       24478      3.09%     32.08% |       24476      3.09%     35.17% |       24486      3.09%     38.26% |       24465      3.09%     41.34% |       24474      3.09%     44.43% |       24469      3.09%     47.52% |       24464      3.09%     50.60% |       24492      3.09%     53.69% |       24478      3.09%     56.78% |       24482      3.09%     59.87% |       24481      3.09%     62.96% |       24466      3.09%     66.05% |       24483      3.09%     69.13% |       24475      3.09%     72.22% |       24469      3.09%     75.31% |       24477      3.09%     78.40% |       24472      3.09%     81.49% |       24467      3.09%     84.57% |       24460      3.09%     87.66% |       24463      3.09%     90.74% |       24448      3.08%     93.83% |       24458      3.09%     96.91% |       24461      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792641                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14920      3.20%      3.20% |       14591      3.13%      6.34% |       14616      3.14%      9.48% |       14583      3.13%     12.61% |       14560      3.13%     15.74% |       14544      3.12%     18.86% |       14546      3.12%     21.98% |       14532      3.12%     25.11% |       14547      3.12%     28.23% |       14567      3.13%     31.36% |       14561      3.13%     34.49% |       14515      3.12%     37.60% |       14539      3.12%     40.73% |       14531      3.12%     43.85% |       14537      3.12%     46.97% |       14504      3.12%     50.08% |       14509      3.12%     53.20% |       14509      3.12%     56.32% |       14527      3.12%     59.44% |       14509      3.12%     62.55% |       14544      3.12%     65.68% |       14516      3.12%     68.79% |       14525      3.12%     71.91% |       14513      3.12%     75.03% |       14545      3.12%     78.15% |       14542      3.12%     81.28% |       14528      3.12%     84.40% |       14513      3.12%     87.52% |       14552      3.13%     90.64% |       14527      3.12%     93.76% |       14524      3.12%     96.88% |       14525      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171532      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.62% |       49094      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.32% |       53317      2.98%     21.30% |       49323      2.76%     24.06% |       45765      2.56%     26.62% |       45774      2.56%     29.18% |       51351      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.83% |       53857      3.01%     37.84% |       50842      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     45.99% |       47693      2.67%     48.66% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50376      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.70%     56.77% |       49712      2.78%     59.55% |       53822      3.01%     62.56% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63148      3.53%     69.13% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.33% |       53303      2.98%     78.31% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52123      2.92%     87.02% |       55327      3.09%     90.12% |       54977      3.08%     93.19% |       63281      3.54%     96.73% |       58399      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.85%      1.85% |           2      3.70%      5.56% |           4      7.41%     12.96% |           2      3.70%     16.67% |           1      1.85%     18.52% |           5      9.26%     27.78% |           2      3.70%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           1      1.85%     46.30% |           2      3.70%     50.00% |           5      9.26%     59.26% |           4      7.41%     66.67% |           2      3.70%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           1      1.85%     77.78% |           2      3.70%     81.48% |           4      7.41%     88.89% |           3      5.56%     94.44% |           2      3.70%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          68      3.24%      3.24% |          64      3.05%      6.29% |          64      3.05%      9.34% |          63      3.00%     12.35% |          59      2.81%     15.16% |          58      2.76%     17.92% |          58      2.76%     20.69% |          63      3.00%     23.69% |          65      3.10%     26.79% |          65      3.10%     29.89% |          74      3.53%     33.41% |          61      2.91%     36.32% |          58      2.76%     39.08% |          62      2.96%     42.04% |          66      3.15%     45.19% |          65      3.10%     48.28% |          65      3.10%     51.38% |          64      3.05%     54.43% |          61      2.91%     57.34% |          66      3.15%     60.49% |          78      3.72%     64.20% |         105      5.00%     69.21% |          77      3.67%     72.88% |          81      3.86%     76.74% |          61      2.91%     79.65% |          58      2.76%     82.41% |          66      3.15%     85.56% |          56      2.67%     88.23% |          54      2.57%     90.80% |          58      2.76%     93.57% |          63      3.00%     96.57% |          72      3.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2098                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     27.03%     27.03% |           6     16.22%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           9     24.32%     67.57% |           5     13.51%     81.08% |           7     18.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      1.59%      1.59% |           1      1.59%      3.17% |           0      0.00%      3.17% |           0      0.00%      3.17% |           0      0.00%      3.17% |           2      3.17%      6.35% |           0      0.00%      6.35% |           0      0.00%      6.35% |           1      1.59%      7.94% |           0      0.00%      7.94% |          16     25.40%     33.33% |           2      3.17%     36.51% |           0      0.00%     36.51% |           1      1.59%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      1.59%     39.68% |           0      0.00%     39.68% |           0      0.00%     39.68% |           1      1.59%     41.27% |           0      0.00%     41.27% |          25     39.68%     80.95% |           8     12.70%     93.65% |           2      3.17%     96.83% |           0      0.00%     96.83% |           0      0.00%     96.83% |           0      0.00%     96.83% |           0      0.00%     96.83% |           1      1.59%     98.41% |           1      1.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           63                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49754      3.90%      3.90% |       39583      3.10%      7.00% |       39607      3.10%     10.10% |       39575      3.10%     13.20% |       39538      3.10%     16.29% |       39502      3.09%     19.39% |       39550      3.10%     22.49% |       39561      3.10%     25.58% |       39621      3.10%     28.69% |       39576      3.10%     31.79% |       39624      3.10%     34.89% |       39584      3.10%     37.99% |       39635      3.10%     41.09% |       39611      3.10%     44.20% |       39604      3.10%     47.30% |       39545      3.10%     50.39% |       39601      3.10%     53.50% |       39606      3.10%     56.60% |       39625      3.10%     59.70% |       39559      3.10%     62.80% |       39586      3.10%     65.90% |       39656      3.11%     69.00% |       39583      3.10%     72.10% |       39538      3.10%     75.20% |       39626      3.10%     78.30% |       39677      3.11%     81.41% |       39608      3.10%     84.51% |       39530      3.10%     87.61% |       39548      3.10%     90.71% |       39569      3.10%     93.81% |       39556      3.10%     96.90% |       39537      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1276875                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     62.35%     62.35% |           1      1.18%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           2      2.35%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |           1      1.18%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2      2.35%     72.94% |           1      1.18%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           1      1.18%     82.35% |           1      1.18%     83.53% |           1      1.18%     84.71% |           1      1.18%     85.88% |           2      2.35%     88.24% |           4      4.71%     92.94% |           3      3.53%     96.47% |           2      2.35%     98.82% |           1      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           6     66.67%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           8     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      1.71%      1.71% |           5      2.86%      4.57% |           5      2.86%      7.43% |           5      2.86%     10.29% |           6      3.43%     13.71% |           3      1.71%     15.43% |           3      1.71%     17.14% |           5      2.86%     20.00% |           6      3.43%     23.43% |           4      2.29%     25.71% |           5      2.86%     28.57% |           4      2.29%     30.86% |           5      2.86%     33.71% |           3      1.71%     35.43% |           4      2.29%     37.71% |           4      2.29%     40.00% |           4      2.29%     42.29% |           5      2.86%     45.14% |           6      3.43%     48.57% |           7      4.00%     52.57% |          22     12.57%     65.14% |          21     12.00%     77.14% |           3      1.71%     78.86% |           5      2.86%     81.71% |           5      2.86%     84.57% |           4      2.29%     86.86% |           5      2.86%     89.71% |           4      2.29%     92.00% |           3      1.71%     93.71% |           3      1.71%     95.43% |           4      2.29%     97.71% |           4      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          65      3.38%      3.38% |          59      3.07%      6.45% |          59      3.07%      9.52% |          58      3.02%     12.53% |          53      2.76%     15.29% |          55      2.86%     18.15% |          55      2.86%     21.01% |          58      3.02%     24.02% |          59      3.07%     27.09% |          61      3.17%     30.27% |          69      3.59%     33.85% |          57      2.96%     36.82% |          53      2.76%     39.57% |          59      3.07%     42.64% |          62      3.22%     45.87% |          61      3.17%     49.04% |          61      3.17%     52.21% |          59      3.07%     55.28% |          55      2.86%     58.14% |          59      3.07%     61.21% |          56      2.91%     64.12% |          84      4.37%     68.49% |          74      3.85%     72.33% |          76      3.95%     76.29% |          56      2.91%     79.20% |          54      2.81%     82.01% |          61      3.17%     85.18% |          52      2.70%     87.88% |          51      2.65%     90.54% |          55      2.86%     93.40% |          59      3.07%     96.46% |          68      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1923                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         507      3.23%      3.23% |         455      2.90%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.93% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         450      2.87%     14.66% |         432      2.75%     17.41% |         472      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.54% |         504      3.21%     26.76% |         442      2.82%     29.57% |         488      3.11%     32.69% |         499      3.18%     35.87% |         549      3.50%     39.37% |         522      3.33%     42.69% |         509      3.24%     45.94% |         490      3.12%     49.06% |         513      3.27%     52.33% |         532      3.39%     55.72% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.02%     65.17% |         524      3.34%     68.51% |         480      3.06%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         521      3.32%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         454      2.89%     90.75% |         511      3.26%     94.01% |         486      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15686                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25519      5.06%      5.06% |       15488      3.07%      8.13% |       15519      3.08%     11.21% |       15471      3.07%     14.28% |       15443      3.06%     17.34% |       15422      3.06%     20.40% |       15427      3.06%     23.46% |       15428      3.06%     26.52% |       15459      3.07%     29.58% |       15475      3.07%     32.65% |       15498      3.07%     35.73% |       15423      3.06%     38.78% |       15434      3.06%     41.85% |       15441      3.06%     44.91% |       15449      3.06%     47.97% |       15415      3.06%     51.03% |       15427      3.06%     54.09% |       15418      3.06%     57.14% |       15443      3.06%     60.21% |       15425      3.06%     63.27% |       15448      3.06%     66.33% |       15461      3.07%     69.40% |       15459      3.07%     72.46% |       15437      3.06%     75.52% |       15446      3.06%     78.59% |       15443      3.06%     81.65% |       15427      3.06%     84.71% |       15405      3.06%     87.76% |       15445      3.06%     90.83% |       15409      3.06%     93.88% |       15411      3.06%     96.94% |       15440      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         449      2.86%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.55% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.34% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         473      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         478      3.05%     71.59% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         456      2.91%     90.74% |         512      3.26%     94.00% |         488      3.11%     97.11% |         453      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24756      3.13%      3.13% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.25% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24696      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789701                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171793      9.58%      9.58% |       54287      3.03%     12.60% |       49287      2.75%     15.35% |       52996      2.95%     18.30% |       53511      2.98%     21.29% |       49520      2.76%     24.05% |       45956      2.56%     26.61% |       45968      2.56%     29.17% |       51546      2.87%     32.04% |       49822      2.78%     34.82% |       54064      3.01%     37.83% |       51033      2.84%     40.68% |       48288      2.69%     43.37% |       46917      2.62%     45.99% |       47886      2.67%     48.65% |       46617      2.60%     51.25% |       50571      2.82%     54.07% |       48372      2.70%     56.77% |       49898      2.78%     59.55% |       54012      3.01%     62.56% |       54529      3.04%     65.60% |       63393      3.53%     69.13% |       58005      3.23%     72.37% |       53248      2.97%     75.33% |       53493      2.98%     78.32% |       51440      2.87%     81.18% |       52512      2.93%     84.11% |       52308      2.92%     87.03% |       55508      3.09%     90.12% |       55167      3.08%     93.20% |       63474      3.54%     96.73% |       58602      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           4     22.22%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           1      5.56%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           18                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      221168     22.16%     22.16% |      499008     50.00%     72.16% |       34661      3.47%     75.63% |       35406      3.55%     79.18% |       35166      3.52%     82.70% |       34817      3.49%     86.19% |       34760      3.48%     89.68% |       35907      3.60%     93.27% |       33461      3.35%     96.63% |       33662      3.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       998016                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      221168     22.16%     22.16% |      499008     50.00%     72.16% |       34661      3.47%     75.63% |       35406      3.55%     79.18% |       35166      3.52%     82.70% |       34817      3.49%     86.19% |       34760      3.48%     89.68% |       35907      3.60%     93.27% |       33461      3.35%     96.63% |       33662      3.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       998016                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      221168     22.16%     22.16% |      499008     50.00%     72.16% |       34661      3.47%     75.63% |       35406      3.55%     79.18% |       35166      3.52%     82.70% |       34817      3.49%     86.19% |       34760      3.48%     89.68% |       35907      3.60%     93.27% |       33461      3.35%     96.63% |       33662      3.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       998016                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      221168     22.16%     22.16% |      499008     50.00%     72.16% |       34661      3.47%     75.63% |       35406      3.55%     79.18% |       35166      3.52%     82.70% |       34817      3.49%     86.19% |       34760      3.48%     89.68% |       35907      3.60%     93.27% |       33461      3.35%     96.63% |       33662      3.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       998016                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
