
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130953                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130952625000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5307120703500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  34922                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    60241                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              106213062                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3691744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1232.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    43055737                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      74272703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21427008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21427008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13548096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13548096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             334797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    163624120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            163624120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103457995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103457995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267082115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           267082115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     334797                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211689                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   334797                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211689                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21425536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13547968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21427008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13548096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     3348                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2278                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130952286500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               334797                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211689                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 177890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   9325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   7959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   7306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   8025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   8778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   9327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   9673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   9940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   9666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  9143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  8462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  7640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  6699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  5945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  5194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  4571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  3921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  3406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  3015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  4067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  38072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  39573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  40180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  40287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  40056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   4590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   4300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   4631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       148534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.451439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.789641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   201.431367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49801     33.53%     33.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28993     19.52%     53.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52501     35.35%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5572      3.75%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3548      2.39%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2199      1.48%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1284      0.86%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          980      0.66%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3656      2.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       148534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.714609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.003982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        38366     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           47      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        38414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.510673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.350518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.762136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          35705     92.95%     92.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1682      4.38%     97.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          578      1.50%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          449      1.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        38414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 17319965021                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            23596977521                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1673870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    51736.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               70486.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      163.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   163.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  255921                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 141996                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    239626.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041641000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4372680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98535354000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              568678320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              554216040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              310290750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              302399625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1312576200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1298528400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688564800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            683134560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8552962080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8552962080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49874090850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49441081230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34820445000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35200278000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96127608000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          96032599935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.082010                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.356478                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20792000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20792000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12923584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12923584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    158774977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            158774977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98689003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98689003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    257463980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           257463980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324875                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201931                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324875                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201931                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20790656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12923456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20792000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12923584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      523                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2138                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130951799000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324875                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201931                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 173388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   7396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   8127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   8806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   9429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  10060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  10182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  10101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  9282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  8508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  7893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  6715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  5804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  5106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  4433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  36288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  37665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  38047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  38214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  38428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   4648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   4258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   4383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       123438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   273.119655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.115674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.554054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24994     20.25%     20.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28377     22.99%     43.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52072     42.18%     85.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5465      4.43%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3856      3.12%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2103      1.70%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1439      1.17%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          989      0.80%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4143      3.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       123438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.871040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.544392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36534     99.78%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           78      0.21%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.514775                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.348382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.790991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33774     92.24%     92.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1841      5.03%     97.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          579      1.58%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          422      1.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 15280904281                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            21371916781                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624270000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    47039.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               65789.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      158.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   158.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  256747                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 146592                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               72.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248576.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28548848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4372680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    98027898250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              474427800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              458755920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              258864375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              250313250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275034800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1258725000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            657214560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            651285360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8552962080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8552962080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49312462725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48372821145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35313101250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36137348250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95844067590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95682211005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          731.916744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.680720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20790080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20790080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12924096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12924096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    158760315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            158760315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98692913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98692913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    257453228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           257453228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324845                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201939                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324845                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201939                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20789056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12923840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20790080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12924096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      569                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1919                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130952534000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324845                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201939                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 173489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   6237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   7258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   7917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   8794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   9717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  10463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  10585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  10104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  9293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  8495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  7615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  6771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  5801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  5033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  4442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  36307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  37643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  38050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  38308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  38474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   4665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   4373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   4119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       123360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   273.283009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.251892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.213470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25293     20.50%     20.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27352     22.17%     42.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52832     42.83%     85.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5427      4.40%     89.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3810      3.09%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2086      1.69%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1447      1.17%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          964      0.78%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4149      3.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       123360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.866428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.658438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36549     99.77%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           75      0.20%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            6      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.512530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.346868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.786281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33814     92.31%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1807      4.93%     97.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          618      1.69%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          393      1.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 15179810371                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            21270354121                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    46731.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               65481.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      158.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   158.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  256526                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 146873                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               72.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248588.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403646750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4372680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    98173202250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              474435360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              458151120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              258868500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              249983250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1274777400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1258787400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            657130320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            651408480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8552962080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8552962080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        49044328740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        48116658870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35548306500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36362052000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95810808900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95650003200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.662763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.434764                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20769152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20769152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12922624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12922624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158600502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158600502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98681672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98681672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257282174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257282174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324518                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324518                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20768320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12922560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20769152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12922624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      267                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1823                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130951485000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324518                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 173068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   6196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   7320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   8180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   9021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   9658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  10537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  10453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  10070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  9388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  8596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  7661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  6944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  5993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  5198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  4384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  36321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  37650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  38160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  38380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  38507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   4639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   4233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   4026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       122683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   274.613174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   211.027695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.003250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24398     19.89%     19.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27668     22.55%     42.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52929     43.14%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5312      4.33%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3732      3.04%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2110      1.72%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1420      1.16%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          974      0.79%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4140      3.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       122683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.850631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.899323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36577     99.77%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           79      0.22%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.507624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.343823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.778832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33899     92.47%     92.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1779      4.85%     97.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          559      1.52%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          424      1.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 14990821576                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            21075290326                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1622525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    46195.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               64945.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  256276                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 147458                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               73.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248751.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931602500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4372680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98645639500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              471358440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              456117480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              257189625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              248873625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273006800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258038600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            657033120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            651376080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8552962080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8552962080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48818296665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        48071905605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35746580250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36401309250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95776426980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95640582720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.400204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.362824                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11833699                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 40.886574                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.783926                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                79.538206                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11416748     96.48%     96.48% |      125194      1.06%     97.53% |       90657      0.77%     98.30% |       75153      0.64%     98.94% |       62420      0.53%     99.46% |       46552      0.39%     99.86% |       16404      0.14%    100.00% |         561      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11833699                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     32065913                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.124024                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.515667                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.866914                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    30168356     94.08%     94.08% |     1286735      4.01%     98.10% |       14727      0.05%     98.14% |       14668      0.05%     98.19% |       24236      0.08%     98.26% |       43841      0.14%     98.40% |       63780      0.20%     98.60% |      138989      0.43%     99.03% |      310581      0.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      32065913                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            32065912                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              19.057448                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.840083                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             89.595731                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31802077     99.18%     99.18% |      222167      0.69%     99.87% |       36644      0.11%     99.98% |        4105      0.01%    100.00% |         605      0.00%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              32065912                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30146103                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000156                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013483                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    30140670     99.98%     99.98% |        5426      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30146103                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1919809                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        271.199210                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       185.188983                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       257.788054                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1655974     86.26%     86.26% |      222167     11.57%     97.83% |       36644      1.91%     99.74% |        4105      0.21%     99.95% |         605      0.03%     99.98% |         216      0.01%     99.99% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1919809                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         112250                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       112250                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           36                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23171162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1172893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24344055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6973498                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125750                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7099248                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       360382                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44927                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       131973                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085546                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70089                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       155287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       155648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        28617                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          365                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       155283                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       155648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        28074                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       155286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       155648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        28512                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       155293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       155648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        28298                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       125683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50549                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       176232                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58025                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54910                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40648                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51331                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51850                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9817                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40556                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50373                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14037                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54649                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40620                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52635                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40641                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40571                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57390                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40620                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52757                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40596                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57654                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26504                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40668                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67172                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40547                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56659                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16423                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40640                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55278                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40615                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40547                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57006                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59607                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27982                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68547                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40547                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40553                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57123                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40514                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53684                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40570                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14244                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        54875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55042                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18856364                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18856364                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19137892                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18856364                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7904726                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7880284                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18856364                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071997                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7919205                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7919205                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8163578                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7919205                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3745501                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3717309                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7919205                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.030237                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      6419742                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      6419742                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6823019                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6419742                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2671375                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2641142                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      6419742                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.024512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      5535585                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      5535585                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5932713                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5535585                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2409111                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2380361                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      5535585                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.021136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      7237942                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      7237942                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7698591                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7237942                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3441299                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3385918                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      7237942                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027636                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      7478736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      7478736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7945600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7478736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3548513                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3492452                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      7478736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028555                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      6879501                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      6879501                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7010818                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6879501                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2433326                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2414465                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      6879501                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.026267                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4269519                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4269519                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4390423                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4269519                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1587952                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1569551                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4269519                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.016302                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2583704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2583704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2602077                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2583704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1096341                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1095848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2583704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.009865                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3557324                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3557324                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3576749                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3557324                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1662073                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1661304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3557324                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.013582                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2624152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2624152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2646659                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2624152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1040613                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1040232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2624152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.010019                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2793827                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2793827                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2813062                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2793827                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1140237                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1139775                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2793827                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010667                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3860884                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3860884                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3888394                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3860884                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1728042                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1727240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3860884                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014742                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2775300                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2775300                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2795049                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2775300                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1080619                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1080164                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2775300                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.010597                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1514233                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1514233                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1530607                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1514233                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       599375                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       598989                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1514233                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005782                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2484606                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2484606                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2541983                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2484606                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       985588                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       981454                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2484606                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009487                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3500476                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3500476                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3545636                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3500476                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1294997                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1291932                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3500476                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013365                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2687074                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2687074                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2742465                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2687074                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1031469                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1027238                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2687074                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010260                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2739258                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2739258                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2825352                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2739258                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1098576                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1089390                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2739258                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010459                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584522                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584522                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1599598                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584522                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628221                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627666                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584522                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006050                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1479776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1479776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1482449                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1479776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       654867                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       654820                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1479776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005650                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2078785                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2078785                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2083130                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2078785                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       978583                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       977805                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2078785                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007937                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1666096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1666096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1672076                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1666096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       713920                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       713920                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1666096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006361                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059636                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059636                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059636                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059636                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433952                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433952                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059636                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004046                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1421609                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1421609                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1424550                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1421609                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       602300                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       602229                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1421609                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005428                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1910621                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1910621                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1915221                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1910621                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       884069                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       883281                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1910621                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007295                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1599226                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1599226                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1605322                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1599226                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       672535                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       672534                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1599226                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006106                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060966                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060966                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060966                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060966                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431898                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431898                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060966                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004051                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6093972                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6093972                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6372241                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6093972                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2480065                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2472592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6093972                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023268                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6317473                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6317473                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6585943                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6317473                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2583167                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2573813                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6317473                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.024121                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6178039                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6178039                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6436909                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6178039                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2386457                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2371707                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6178039                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023589                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6401803                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6401803                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6663716                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6401803                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2505735                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2484435                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6401803                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024443                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9838404     27.83%     27.83% |    23706785     67.05%     94.88% |     1811216      5.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35356405                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9838404     27.83%     27.83% |    23706785     67.05%     94.88% |     1811216      5.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35356405                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   319693267                       |   579045539                       |    39862289                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   359093612                       |    92571610                       |     1811217                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.494424                       |   24.425309                       |   22.008578                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   36.499173                       |    3.904857                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.546848                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    12.825864                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         39.372712                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002107                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.045797      7.06%      7.06% |    0.045618      7.03%     14.09% |    0.045568      7.02%     21.11% |    0.045392      7.00%     28.11% |    0.109304     16.85%     44.96% |    0.106932     16.48%     61.44% |    0.109223     16.83%     78.27% |    0.106827     16.47%     94.74% |    0.008535      1.32%     96.05% |    0.008539      1.32%     97.37% |    0.008536      1.32%     98.68% |    0.008538      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.648809                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016057                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028877                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002344                       |    0.002344                       |    0.002345                       |    0.002345                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004929                       |    0.001997                       |    0.001877                       |    0.001962                       |    0.001976                       |    0.001895                       |    0.001806                       |    0.001798                       |    0.001926                       |    0.001923                       |    0.001997                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001858                       |    0.001841                       |    0.001855                       |    0.001821                       |    0.001919                       |    0.001872                       |    0.001899                       |    0.001984                       |    0.001991                       |    0.002208                       |    0.002079                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001976                       |    0.001935                       |    0.001948                       |    0.001970                       |    0.002031                       |    0.002045                       |    0.002233                       |    0.002109                       |    0.007663                       |    0.007435                       |    0.007434                       |    0.007427                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000141                       |    0.000570                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000113                       |    0.000102                       |    0.000111                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002111                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002083                       |    0.001362                       |           0                       |    0.002015                       |           0                       |    0.002481                       |    0.004009                       |    0.001361                       |           0                       |    0.002142                       |    0.005693                       |           0                       |    0.004924                       |    0.007550                       |    0.002958                       |    0.003556                       |    0.001989                       |    0.000103                       |    0.005545                       |    0.004062                       |    0.009256                       |    0.003555                       |    0.002048                       |    0.000113                       |    0.008029                       |    0.004887                       |    0.002503                       |           0                       |    0.002159                       |    0.005468                       |           0                       |    0.007977                       |    0.004880                       |    0.003638                       |           0                       |    0.002032                       |           0                       |    0.003901                       |    0.002446                       |    0.002289                       |           0                       |    0.002089                       |           0                       |    0.001976                       |    0.001363                       |           0                       |    0.002258                       |           0                       |    0.001086                       |    0.002208                       |    0.002385                       |           0                       |    0.002006                       |           0                       |    0.000932                       |    0.004321                       |    0.004131                       |    0.002193                       |    0.003555                       |    0.002066                       |    0.000102                       |    0.004019                       |    0.008091                       |    0.006669                       |    0.003132                       |    0.029328                       |    0.004358                       |    0.000141                       |    0.004608                       |    0.013676                       |    0.016895                       |    0.002991                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002105                       |    0.000570                       |    0.004677                       |    0.006290                       |    0.013645                       |    0.002950                       |    0.003556                       |    0.001979                       |    0.000111                       |    0.005853                       |    0.005578                       |    0.007734                       |    0.003745                       |           0                       |    0.001961                       |           0                       |    0.001887                       |    0.003793                       |    0.003997                       |    0.003104                       |           0                       |    0.002047                       |           0                       |    0.001006                       |    0.001935                       |    0.002306                       |           0                       |    0.002157                       |           0                       |    0.000046                       |    0.002079                       |    0.002079                       |           0                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001897                       |    0.004076                       |    0.001960                       |           0                       |    0.002356                       |    0.005467                       |           0                       |    0.002448                       |    0.003751                       |    0.007643                       |    0.001924                       |           0                       |    0.001906                       |           0                       |    0.015835                       |    0.003783                       |    0.002733                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.001907                       |           0                       |    0.002693                       |    0.006650                       |    0.003083                       |    0.001968                       |           0                       |    0.002206                       |    0.005465                       |           0                       |    0.003129                       |    0.007933                       |    0.003703                       |    0.002007                       |           0                       |    0.001933                       |           0                       |    0.000926                       |    0.003789                       |    0.001852                       |    0.002097                       |           0                       |    0.002077                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001948                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.002079                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001966                       |           0                       |    0.001960                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003821                       |           0                       |    0.001924                       |           0                       |    0.002930                       |           0                       |    0.004632                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.007178                       |    0.001920                       |    0.002257                       |           0                       |    0.001968                       |           0                       |    0.000888                       |    0.004804                       |    0.002599                       |           0                       |    0.002007                       |           0                       |    0.004289                       |    0.004162                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002097                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003953                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001970                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.648809                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6777648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6777648                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392152                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4222992                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3587366                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.948444                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          508841                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30344                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13773540                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84170                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18994164                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182123                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13857710                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19176287                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32767704                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266293                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              33033997                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7106479                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9651                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7116130                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7106479                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9651                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7116130                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                258158412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24418707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51001061                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6777648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4096207                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             228183910                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       427270                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340742                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7105805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3870                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    254163980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.361352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.513169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        237125505     93.30%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2317928      0.91%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1309908      0.52%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1058296      0.42%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1873613      0.74%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1502377      0.59%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1172048      0.46%     96.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           743153      0.29%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7061152      2.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    254163980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026254                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.197557                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12020775                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     229233282                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6900516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5555054                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454346                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       87213703                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454346                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14365659                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122962878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15556839                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9967622                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90856629                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       85135000                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2338114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     84134237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     205695089                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    134418238                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71901430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232794                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389231                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395077                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40530760                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7189225                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19371551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       864540                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       649421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83411703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       492470                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87766522                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9371924                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508634                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128993                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    254163980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.345315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.032155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216849465     85.32%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14291450      5.62%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11469903      4.51%     95.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3655892      1.44%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3330285      1.31%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2330886      0.92%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394808      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507156      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334135      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    254163980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135464     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928750     76.10%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156282     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574093      0.65%      0.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53901177     61.41%     62.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13961053     15.91%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19221843     21.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87766522                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.339972                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220496                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    431237491                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     93285067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79473554                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       88412906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1288469                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9248                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752051                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7866893                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454346                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5144846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115463914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83904173                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7189225                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19371551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       483458                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          89257                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9248                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       334991                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472193                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      87057851                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13762126                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443566                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32777444                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5353086                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           19015318                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.337226                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79590504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              79473566                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35556104                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          56310638                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.307848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.631428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9629899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       363477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252581258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.294055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.027759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221624110     87.74%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11437441      4.53%     92.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11532927      4.57%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3057107      1.21%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1355140      0.54%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       505978      0.20%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674470      0.27%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551866      0.22%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1842219      0.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252581258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     43055736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       74272700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24468192                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5848692                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4880292                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73659697                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       423277                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49374601     66.48%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5848692      7.87%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18619500     25.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     74272700                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1842219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            334439293                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           169393870                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86497                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3994432                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            43055736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              74272700                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       5.995912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 5.995912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.166780                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.166780                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        139945042                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54463475                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27263119                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22567139                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43965990                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1618624000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1618624000.000003                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5503059                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        58.149369                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       31.185492                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      113.577029                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5087791     92.45%     92.45% |      123511      2.24%     94.70% |       90657      1.65%     96.35% |       75153      1.37%     97.71% |       62420      1.13%     98.85% |       46552      0.85%     99.69% |       16404      0.30%     99.99% |         561      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5503059                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313045                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.890495                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.473058                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.321627                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4406559     69.80%     69.80% |     1857615     29.43%     99.23% |       39161      0.62%     99.85% |        8027      0.13%     99.97% |        1505      0.02%    100.00% |         160      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313045                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17595                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.286672                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.978318                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.126251                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         604      3.43%      3.43% |        2035     11.57%     15.00% |        8032     45.65%     60.65% |        4133     23.49%     84.14% |        2759     15.68%     99.82% |          32      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17595                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5904500                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           47.161553                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.137291                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         160.091226                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5726756     96.99%     96.99% |      149855      2.54%     99.53% |       24360      0.41%     99.94% |        2860      0.05%     99.99% |         454      0.01%    100.00% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5904500                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5172548                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000696                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000600                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026500                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5168961     99.93%     99.93% |        3580      0.07%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5172548                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       731952                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     359.236872                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    229.621835                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    309.148579                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      554208     75.72%     75.72% |      149855     20.47%     96.19% |       24360      3.33%     99.52% |        2860      0.39%     99.91% |         454      0.06%     99.97% |         152      0.02%     99.99% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        731952                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18767277                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           15.815866                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.759612                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          72.220064                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18681591     99.54%     99.54% |       71915      0.38%     99.93% |       12276      0.07%     99.99% |        1245      0.01%    100.00% |         151      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18767277                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17733840                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000084                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009879                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17732109     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17733840                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033437                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     235.735204                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    180.714556                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    208.650879                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      947751     91.71%     91.71% |       71915      6.96%     98.67% |       12276      1.19%     99.86% |        1245      0.12%     99.98% |         151      0.01%     99.99% |          64      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033437                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7099248                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.508940                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.177399                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.934163                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7095969     99.95%     99.95% |        2996      0.04%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7099248                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6973498                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000536                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6973496    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6973498                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125750                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.187563                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.861114                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.911655                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      122471     97.39%     97.39% |        2996      2.38%     99.77% |         247      0.20%     99.97% |          29      0.02%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125750                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.916640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168706                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.692550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287276     97.85%     97.85% |        4934      1.68%     99.53% |        1116      0.38%     99.91% |         133      0.05%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264828     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.648883                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.348114                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.602987                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4934     17.23%     95.21% |        1116      3.90%     99.11% |         133      0.46%     99.57% |          63      0.22%     99.79% |          49      0.17%     99.97% |           9      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13622                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       691416                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        23328                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   134070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   134350                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   134152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   134440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  21610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  21330                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  21528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  21240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    43260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    42743                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    43173                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    42822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               155680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               155680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               155680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               155680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1059909                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140531588649886                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140531588666079                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  998553                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  118304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  118304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  118304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  118304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  37376                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  37376                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  37376                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  37376                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               103296                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               103453                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               103524                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               103499                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              15008                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              14851                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              14780                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              14805                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               30774                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               30897                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               30628                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               30941                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              6602                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              6479                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              6748                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              6435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                3130815                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                3110333                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                3084571                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                3060030                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2869499                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2848624                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2822311                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2799831                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             968192                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             968192                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             968192                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             968192                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              1019747                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1022341                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               998663                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               981447                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2869499                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2848624                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2822311                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2799831                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        968192                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        968192                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        968192                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        968192                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1019747                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1022341                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          998663                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          981447                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            3009791                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2989309                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2963547                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2939006                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          3089163                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          3068378                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          3034747                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          3015670                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              3418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              3407                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              3391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              3406                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6077                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              5592                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             17794                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             20059                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             17740                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             19707                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          349061                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          306605                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          352446                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          313691                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      334772     25.57%     25.57% |      324875     24.82%     50.39% |      324845     24.82%     75.21% |      324518     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309010                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205873     25.92%     25.92% |      196109     24.69%     50.62% |      196114     24.69%     75.31% |      196089     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       794185                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      334797     25.58%     25.58% |      324875     24.82%     50.39% |      324845     24.82%     75.21% |      324518     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309035                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211689     25.90%     25.90% |      201931     24.70%     50.60% |      201939     24.70%     75.30% |      201916     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817475                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      120707     25.04%     25.04% |      120574     25.01%     50.05% |      120539     25.01%     75.06% |      120237     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       482057                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      334772     25.57%     25.57% |      324875     24.82%     50.39% |      324845     24.82%     75.21% |      324518     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309010                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205636     25.92%     25.92% |      195931     24.69%     50.61% |      195939     24.70%     75.31% |      195916     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793422                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      120707     25.04%     25.04% |      120574     25.01%     50.05% |      120539     25.01%     75.06% |      120237     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       482057                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      334772     25.57%     25.57% |      324875     24.82%     50.39% |      324845     24.82%     75.21% |      324518     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309010                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205636     25.92%     25.92% |      195931     24.69%     50.61% |      195939     24.70%     75.31% |      195916     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793422                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5437077     91.99%     91.99% |          17      0.00%     91.99% |      118304      2.00%     93.99% |      118302      2.00%     96.00% |      118309      2.00%     98.00% |      118309      2.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5910318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7099310    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7099310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18916874     99.22%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |       37376      0.20%     99.41% |       37376      0.20%     99.61% |       37376      0.20%     99.80% |       37376      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19066378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17518     99.74%     99.74% |          17      0.10%     99.84% |          12      0.07%     99.91% |           2      0.01%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |          14      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297057     67.69%     67.69% |           0      0.00%     67.69% |      154776      8.08%     75.77% |      154774      8.08%     83.84% |      154775      8.08%     91.92% |      154782      8.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1916164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     55.17%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           4     13.79%     68.97% |           2      6.90%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           7     24.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      259638     35.49%     35.49% |           1      0.00%     35.49% |      117959     16.13%     51.62% |      117965     16.13%     67.75% |      117959     16.13%     83.87% |      117963     16.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     55.17%     55.17% |           7     24.14%     79.31% |           0      0.00%     79.31% |           0      0.00%     79.31% |           6     20.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038983     87.44%     87.44% |           0      0.00%     87.44% |       37321      3.14%     90.58% |       37318      3.14%     93.72% |       37327      3.14%     96.86% |       37324      3.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170559     65.41%     65.41% |           0      0.00%     65.41% |      154763      8.65%     74.06% |      154768      8.65%     82.70% |      154774      8.65%     91.35% |      154765      8.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1789629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259932     35.52%     35.52% |          17      0.00%     35.52% |      117967     16.12%     51.64% |      117965     16.12%     67.76% |      117959     16.12%     83.88% |      117970     16.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122047    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.94%     85.94% |           0      0.00%     85.94% |       37320      3.51%     89.46% |       37318      3.51%     92.97% |       37327      3.51%     96.49% |       37323      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.75%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |          12      0.11%     99.86% |           2      0.02%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |          14      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3703    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          32    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1672     99.82%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           1      0.06%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6973498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6973498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4649     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2537239     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |         305      0.01%     99.96% |         307      0.01%     99.98% |         313      0.01%     99.99% |         302      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2538466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63131    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1543     99.94%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194899     29.29%     29.29% |           0      0.00%     29.29% |      117605     17.68%     46.97% |      117613     17.68%     64.65% |      117601     17.68%     82.32% |      117606     17.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       665324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     30.77%     30.77% |           2     15.38%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           7     53.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2626883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2626883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17936710    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17936926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         266    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975660     86.78%     86.78% |           0      0.00%     86.78% |       37158      3.30%     90.08% |       37155      3.30%     93.39% |       37173      3.31%     96.69% |       37159      3.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1124305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     99.82%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           1      0.03%     99.85% |           3      0.09%     99.94% |           1      0.03%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      259638     35.49%     35.49% |           1      0.00%     35.49% |      117959     16.13%     51.62% |      117965     16.13%     67.75% |      117959     16.13%     83.87% |      117963     16.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     55.17%     55.17% |           7     24.14%     79.31% |           0      0.00%     79.31% |           0      0.00%     79.31% |           6     20.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126186    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912797     85.94%     85.94% |           0      0.00%     85.94% |       37320      3.51%     89.46% |       37318      3.51%     92.97% |       37327      3.51%     96.49% |       37323      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     97.66%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |          32      0.55%     98.21% |          30      0.52%     98.73% |          37      0.64%     99.36% |          37      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170559     65.41%     65.41% |           0      0.00%     65.41% |      154763      8.65%     74.06% |      154768      8.65%     82.70% |      154774      8.65%     91.35% |      154765      8.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1789629                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3884      3.09%      3.09% |        3725      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3454      2.75%     11.55% |        3612      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3750      2.98%     20.65% |        3355      2.67%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.99% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3137      2.49%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3587      2.85%     69.87% |        3421      2.72%     72.58% |        3733      2.97%     75.55% |        3845      3.06%     78.61% |        3295      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4110      3.27%     88.23% |        5241      4.17%     92.40% |        5092      4.05%     96.45% |        4467      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125796                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114670     15.67%     15.67% |       20759      2.84%     18.50% |       18689      2.55%     21.06% |       21396      2.92%     23.98% |       20927      2.86%     26.84% |       19797      2.70%     29.54% |       18224      2.49%     32.03% |       18182      2.48%     34.52% |       20586      2.81%     37.33% |       19025      2.60%     39.93% |       22354      3.05%     42.98% |       20488      2.80%     45.78% |       18993      2.59%     48.37% |       18476      2.52%     50.90% |       18172      2.48%     53.38% |       18174      2.48%     55.86% |       20170      2.76%     58.62% |       18671      2.55%     61.17% |       18857      2.58%     63.75% |       19898      2.72%     66.47% |       19848      2.71%     69.18% |       26148      3.57%     72.75% |       23085      3.15%     75.90% |       19540      2.67%     78.57% |       19384      2.65%     81.22% |       18916      2.58%     83.80% |       18441      2.52%     86.32% |       18157      2.48%     88.80% |       20070      2.74%     91.55% |       19375      2.65%     94.19% |       21144      2.89%     97.08% |       21359      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       731975                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57677      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.81%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.62%     25.55% |       30671      2.89%     28.43% |       30783      2.90%     31.33% |       31702      2.98%     34.32% |       30537      2.88%     37.19% |       29293      2.76%     39.95% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.10% |       30306      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.75% |       31097      2.93%     56.68% |       34121      3.21%     59.89% |       34683      3.27%     63.16% |       37251      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.95% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33945      3.20%     76.32% |       32517      3.06%     79.38% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172086      9.62%      9.62% |       54159      3.03%     12.64% |       49157      2.75%     15.39% |       52868      2.95%     18.34% |       53381      2.98%     21.33% |       49386      2.76%     24.09% |       45829      2.56%     26.65% |       45837      2.56%     29.21% |       51135      2.86%     32.06% |       49692      2.78%     34.84% |       53909      3.01%     37.85% |       50905      2.84%     40.70% |       48169      2.69%     43.39% |       46790      2.61%     46.00% |       47756      2.67%     48.67% |       46485      2.60%     51.27% |       50350      2.81%     54.08% |       48242      2.70%     56.78% |       49776      2.78%     59.56% |       53886      3.01%     62.57% |       54379      3.04%     65.61% |       63194      3.53%     69.14% |       57856      3.23%     72.37% |       53099      2.97%     75.34% |       53207      2.97%     78.31% |       51317      2.87%     81.18% |       52380      2.93%     84.11% |       52183      2.92%     87.02% |       55386      3.09%     90.12% |       55037      3.08%     93.19% |       63341      3.54%     96.73% |       58459      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1789636                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34154      4.31%      4.31% |       24470      3.08%      7.39% |       24488      3.09%     10.48% |       24478      3.09%     13.56% |       24468      3.08%     16.65% |       24466      3.08%     19.73% |       24472      3.09%     22.82% |       24474      3.09%     25.90% |       24501      3.09%     28.99% |       24496      3.09%     32.08% |       24495      3.09%     35.17% |       24503      3.09%     38.26% |       24483      3.09%     41.34% |       24490      3.09%     44.43% |       24486      3.09%     47.52% |       24480      3.09%     50.60% |       24509      3.09%     53.69% |       24494      3.09%     56.78% |       24504      3.09%     59.87% |       24498      3.09%     62.96% |       24484      3.09%     66.04% |       24504      3.09%     69.13% |       24494      3.09%     72.22% |       24484      3.09%     75.31% |       24498      3.09%     78.40% |       24493      3.09%     81.48% |       24487      3.09%     84.57% |       24479      3.09%     87.66% |       24484      3.09%     90.74% |       24468      3.08%     93.83% |       24477      3.09%     96.91% |       24481      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       793242                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15266      3.17%      3.17% |       15076      3.13%      6.29% |       15085      3.13%      9.42% |       15064      3.12%     12.54% |       15039      3.12%     15.66% |       15003      3.11%     18.77% |       15044      3.12%     21.89% |       15049      3.12%     25.01% |       15083      3.13%     28.14% |       15042      3.12%     31.26% |       15097      3.13%     34.39% |       15046      3.12%     37.51% |       15119      3.14%     40.65% |       15087      3.13%     43.78% |       15082      3.13%     46.90% |       15030      3.12%     50.02% |       15057      3.12%     53.14% |       15079      3.13%     56.27% |       15090      3.13%     59.40% |       15027      3.12%     62.51% |       15066      3.12%     65.64% |       15117      3.13%     68.77% |       15054      3.12%     71.89% |       15018      3.11%     75.01% |       15097      3.13%     78.14% |       15152      3.14%     81.28% |       15082      3.13%     84.41% |       15023      3.12%     87.52% |       15035      3.12%     90.64% |       15068      3.12%     93.77% |       15041      3.12%     96.89% |       15019      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       482237                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50532      3.86%      3.86% |       40594      3.10%      6.96% |       40619      3.10%     10.06% |       40588      3.10%     13.17% |       40552      3.10%     16.26% |       40514      3.10%     19.36% |       40562      3.10%     22.46% |       40569      3.10%     25.56% |       40630      3.10%     28.66% |       40584      3.10%     31.76% |       40637      3.10%     34.86% |       40594      3.10%     37.97% |       40647      3.11%     41.07% |       40622      3.10%     44.17% |       40613      3.10%     47.28% |       40555      3.10%     50.37% |       40611      3.10%     53.48% |       40619      3.10%     56.58% |       40640      3.10%     59.68% |       40571      3.10%     62.78% |       40596      3.10%     65.89% |       40668      3.11%     68.99% |       40594      3.10%     72.09% |       40547      3.10%     75.19% |       40640      3.10%     78.30% |       40692      3.11%     81.40% |       40615      3.10%     84.51% |       40547      3.10%     87.60% |       40564      3.10%     90.70% |       40582      3.10%     93.80% |       40565      3.10%     96.90% |       40547      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309010                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49508      3.88%      3.88% |       39570      3.10%      6.98% |       39595      3.10%     10.08% |       39564      3.10%     13.18% |       39528      3.10%     16.28% |       39490      3.09%     19.37% |       39538      3.10%     22.47% |       39545      3.10%     25.57% |       39606      3.10%     28.67% |       39560      3.10%     31.77% |       39613      3.10%     34.88% |       39570      3.10%     37.98% |       39623      3.10%     41.08% |       39598      3.10%     44.19% |       39589      3.10%     47.29% |       39531      3.10%     50.38% |       39587      3.10%     53.49% |       39595      3.10%     56.59% |       39616      3.10%     59.69% |       39547      3.10%     62.79% |       39572      3.10%     65.89% |       39644      3.11%     69.00% |       39570      3.10%     72.10% |       39523      3.10%     75.20% |       39616      3.10%     78.30% |       39668      3.11%     81.41% |       39591      3.10%     84.51% |       39523      3.10%     87.61% |       39540      3.10%     90.71% |       39558      3.10%     93.80% |       39541      3.10%     96.90% |       39523      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1276242                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     19.86%     19.86% |           6      2.13%     21.99% |           9      3.19%     25.18% |           6      2.13%     27.30% |           7      2.48%     29.79% |           3      1.06%     30.85% |           4      1.42%     32.27% |           6      2.13%     34.40% |           7      2.48%     36.88% |           5      1.77%     38.65% |           8      2.84%     41.49% |           5      1.77%     43.26% |           7      2.48%     45.74% |           4      1.42%     47.16% |           5      1.77%     48.94% |           5      1.77%     50.71% |           5      1.77%     52.48% |           7      2.48%     54.96% |           9      3.19%     58.16% |           8      2.84%     60.99% |          24      8.51%     69.50% |          23      8.16%     77.66% |           5      1.77%     79.43% |           6      2.13%     81.56% |           6      2.13%     83.69% |           5      1.77%     85.46% |           6      2.13%     87.59% |           7      2.48%     90.07% |           8      2.84%     92.91% |           7      2.48%     95.39% |           8      2.84%     98.23% |           5      1.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          14     46.67%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           1      3.33%     53.33% |           1      3.33%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           1      3.33%     60.00% |           1      3.33%     63.33% |           1      3.33%     66.67% |           1      3.33%     70.00% |           1      3.33%     73.33% |           1      3.33%     76.67% |           1      3.33%     80.00% |           1      3.33%     83.33% |           1      3.33%     86.67% |           1      3.33%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         573      3.32%      3.32% |         502      2.91%      6.23% |         485      2.81%      9.03% |         497      2.88%     11.91% |         494      2.86%     14.77% |         483      2.80%     17.57% |         520      3.01%     20.58% |         534      3.09%     23.68% |         550      3.19%     26.86% |         489      2.83%     29.69% |         548      3.17%     32.87% |         545      3.16%     36.02% |         593      3.43%     39.46% |         569      3.30%     42.75% |         559      3.24%     45.99% |         539      3.12%     49.11% |         561      3.25%     52.36% |         579      3.35%     55.71% |         573      3.32%     59.03% |         523      3.03%     62.06% |         518      3.00%     65.06% |         600      3.47%     68.54% |         543      3.14%     71.68% |         515      2.98%     74.66% |         567      3.28%     77.95% |         626      3.63%     81.57% |         568      3.29%     84.86% |         523      3.03%     87.89% |         498      2.88%     90.77% |         554      3.21%     93.98% |         530      3.07%     97.05% |         509      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17267                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          13     44.83%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           1      3.45%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           1      3.45%     58.62% |           1      3.45%     62.07% |           1      3.45%     65.52% |           1      3.45%     68.97% |           1      3.45%     72.41% |           1      3.45%     75.86% |           1      3.45%     79.31% |           1      3.45%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           1      3.45%     89.66% |           1      3.45%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      172276      9.61%      9.61% |       54279      3.03%     12.63% |       49280      2.75%     15.38% |       52987      2.95%     18.33% |       53500      2.98%     21.32% |       49508      2.76%     24.08% |       45944      2.56%     26.64% |       45952      2.56%     29.20% |       51252      2.86%     32.06% |       49807      2.78%     34.83% |       54041      3.01%     37.85% |       51020      2.84%     40.69% |       48282      2.69%     43.38% |       46904      2.62%     46.00% |       47873      2.67%     48.67% |       46602      2.60%     51.27% |       50467      2.81%     54.08% |       48361      2.70%     56.78% |       49896      2.78%     59.56% |       54005      3.01%     62.57% |       54517      3.04%     65.61% |       63364      3.53%     69.14% |       57993      3.23%     72.37% |       53233      2.97%     75.34% |       53323      2.97%     78.32% |       51433      2.87%     81.18% |       52497      2.93%     84.11% |       52299      2.92%     87.03% |       55502      3.09%     90.12% |       55153      3.08%     93.20% |       63459      3.54%     96.73% |       58583      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1793592                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         502      3.20%      3.20% |         453      2.89%      6.09% |         438      2.79%      8.88% |         450      2.87%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.51% |         505      3.22%     26.73% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.11%     32.67% |         498      3.18%     35.85% |         551      3.51%     39.36% |         523      3.34%     42.69% |         510      3.25%     45.95% |         492      3.14%     49.08% |         515      3.28%     52.37% |         532      3.39%     55.76% |         529      3.37%     59.14% |         483      3.08%     62.22% |         472      3.01%     65.23% |         523      3.34%     68.56% |         477      3.04%     71.60% |         451      2.88%     74.48% |         519      3.31%     77.79% |         577      3.68%     81.47% |         521      3.32%     84.79% |         479      3.05%     87.85% |         456      2.91%     90.75% |         511      3.26%     94.01% |         486      3.10%     97.11% |         453      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25311      5.03%      5.03% |       15476      3.07%      8.10% |       15507      3.08%     11.18% |       15459      3.07%     14.25% |       15432      3.06%     17.31% |       15410      3.06%     20.37% |       15415      3.06%     23.43% |       15412      3.06%     26.49% |       15444      3.07%     29.56% |       15459      3.07%     32.63% |       15487      3.07%     35.70% |       15409      3.06%     38.76% |       15422      3.06%     41.82% |       15428      3.06%     44.89% |       15434      3.06%     47.95% |       15401      3.06%     51.01% |       15413      3.06%     54.07% |       15407      3.06%     57.13% |       15434      3.06%     60.19% |       15413      3.06%     63.25% |       15436      3.06%     66.32% |       15449      3.07%     69.38% |       15447      3.07%     72.45% |       15422      3.06%     75.51% |       15435      3.06%     78.58% |       15435      3.06%     81.64% |       15411      3.06%     84.70% |       15398      3.06%     87.76% |       15437      3.06%     90.82% |       15399      3.06%     93.88% |       15398      3.06%     96.94% |       15426      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       503666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24719      3.13%      3.13% |       24665      3.12%      6.25% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.50% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.75% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.25% |       24663      3.12%     34.37% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.87% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.12% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.13%     59.37% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.62% |       24696      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789663                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         516      3.29%      3.29% |         454      2.89%      6.18% |         438      2.79%      8.97% |         450      2.87%     11.84% |         450      2.87%     14.71% |         432      2.75%     17.46% |         472      3.01%     20.47% |         490      3.12%     23.59% |         504      3.21%     26.81% |         442      2.82%     29.62% |         488      3.11%     32.73% |         499      3.18%     35.91% |         549      3.50%     39.41% |         522      3.33%     42.74% |         509      3.24%     45.98% |         490      3.12%     49.10% |         513      3.27%     52.37% |         532      3.39%     55.76% |         529      3.37%     59.14% |         480      3.06%     62.19% |         473      3.01%     65.21% |         524      3.34%     68.55% |         479      3.05%     71.60% |         453      2.89%     74.49% |         522      3.33%     77.82% |         578      3.68%     81.50% |         523      3.33%     84.83% |         478      3.05%     87.88% |         454      2.89%     90.77% |         510      3.25%     94.02% |         484      3.08%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       89288     39.19%     39.19% |        5262      2.31%     41.50% |        3168      1.39%     42.89% |        5909      2.59%     45.49% |        5484      2.41%     47.89% |        4301      1.89%     49.78% |        2791      1.23%     51.01% |        2762      1.21%     52.22% |        5137      2.25%     54.47% |        3565      1.56%     56.04% |        6852      3.01%     59.05% |        5073      2.23%     61.27% |        3567      1.57%     62.84% |        3043      1.34%     64.17% |        2703      1.19%     65.36% |        2769      1.22%     66.58% |        4748      2.08%     68.66% |        3258      1.43%     70.09% |        3360      1.47%     71.57% |        4467      1.96%     73.53% |        4412      1.94%     75.46% |       10673      4.68%     80.15% |        7632      3.35%     83.50% |        4112      1.80%     85.30% |        3942      1.73%     87.03% |        3481      1.53%     88.56% |        3029      1.33%     89.89% |        2756      1.21%     91.10% |        4628      2.03%     93.13% |        3976      1.75%     94.88% |        5741      2.52%     97.40% |        5931      2.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227820                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32954     12.10%     12.10% |        8872      3.26%     15.36% |        5926      2.18%     17.53% |        6937      2.55%     20.08% |        7914      2.91%     22.98% |        5123      1.88%     24.86% |        3063      1.12%     25.99% |        3112      1.14%     27.13% |        5989      2.20%     29.33% |        6102      2.24%     31.57% |        7039      2.58%     34.15% |        5850      2.15%     36.30% |        4613      1.69%     37.99% |        3762      1.38%     39.38% |        5065      1.86%     41.23% |        3770      1.38%     42.62% |        5623      2.06%     44.68% |        5016      1.84%     46.52% |        6418      2.36%     48.88% |        9445      3.47%     52.35% |        9980      3.66%     56.01% |       12546      4.61%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9259      3.40%     71.09% |        7836      2.88%     73.97% |        9373      3.44%     77.41% |        9474      3.48%     80.89% |       10761      3.95%     84.84% |       11106      4.08%     88.91% |       17638      6.48%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272393                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34152      4.31%      4.31% |       24466      3.08%      7.39% |       24482      3.09%     10.48% |       24474      3.09%     13.56% |       24466      3.08%     16.65% |       24459      3.08%     19.73% |       24467      3.08%     22.82% |       24473      3.09%     25.90% |       24500      3.09%     28.99% |       24494      3.09%     32.08% |       24491      3.09%     35.17% |       24501      3.09%     38.26% |       24480      3.09%     41.34% |       24489      3.09%     44.43% |       24484      3.09%     47.52% |       24479      3.09%     50.60% |       24508      3.09%     53.69% |       24493      3.09%     56.78% |       24500      3.09%     59.87% |       24497      3.09%     62.96% |       24481      3.09%     66.04% |       24499      3.09%     69.13% |       24490      3.09%     72.22% |       24482      3.09%     75.31% |       24497      3.09%     78.40% |       24490      3.09%     81.48% |       24486      3.09%     84.57% |       24477      3.09%     87.66% |       24480      3.09%     90.74% |       24465      3.08%     93.83% |       24474      3.09%     96.91% |       24479      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       793155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14693      3.16%      3.16% |       14572      3.13%      6.30% |       14598      3.14%      9.44% |       14566      3.13%     12.57% |       14541      3.13%     15.70% |       14524      3.12%     18.82% |       14526      3.12%     21.95% |       14511      3.12%     25.07% |       14528      3.13%     28.19% |       14551      3.13%     31.32% |       14546      3.13%     34.45% |       14499      3.12%     37.57% |       14523      3.12%     40.70% |       14516      3.12%     43.82% |       14521      3.12%     46.94% |       14488      3.12%     50.06% |       14493      3.12%     53.18% |       14495      3.12%     56.30% |       14513      3.12%     59.42% |       14497      3.12%     62.54% |       14527      3.13%     65.66% |       14499      3.12%     68.78% |       14510      3.12%     71.90% |       14499      3.12%     75.02% |       14525      3.12%     78.15% |       14524      3.12%     81.27% |       14509      3.12%     84.39% |       14495      3.12%     87.51% |       14533      3.13%     90.64% |       14510      3.12%     93.76% |       14506      3.12%     96.88% |       14507      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       464845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          13     44.83%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           1      3.45%     55.17% |           0      0.00%     55.17% |           1      3.45%     58.62% |           1      3.45%     62.07% |           1      3.45%     65.52% |           1      3.45%     68.97% |           1      3.45%     72.41% |           1      3.45%     75.86% |           1      3.45%     79.31% |           1      3.45%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           1      3.45%     89.66% |           1      3.45%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172079      9.62%      9.62% |       54159      3.03%     12.64% |       49157      2.75%     15.39% |       52868      2.95%     18.34% |       53381      2.98%     21.33% |       49386      2.76%     24.08% |       45829      2.56%     26.65% |       45837      2.56%     29.21% |       51135      2.86%     32.06% |       49692      2.78%     34.84% |       53909      3.01%     37.85% |       50905      2.84%     40.70% |       48169      2.69%     43.39% |       46790      2.61%     46.00% |       47756      2.67%     48.67% |       46485      2.60%     51.27% |       50350      2.81%     54.08% |       48242      2.70%     56.78% |       49776      2.78%     59.56% |       53886      3.01%     62.57% |       54379      3.04%     65.61% |       63194      3.53%     69.14% |       57856      3.23%     72.37% |       53099      2.97%     75.34% |       53207      2.97%     78.31% |       51317      2.87%     81.18% |       52380      2.93%     84.11% |       52183      2.92%     87.02% |       55386      3.09%     90.12% |       55037      3.08%     93.19% |       63341      3.54%     96.73% |       58459      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1789629                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.82%      1.82% |           2      3.64%      5.45% |           4      7.27%     12.73% |           2      3.64%     16.36% |           1      1.82%     18.18% |           5      9.09%     27.27% |           2      3.64%     30.91% |           0      0.00%     30.91% |           0      0.00%     30.91% |           0      0.00%     30.91% |           3      5.45%     36.36% |           1      1.82%     38.18% |           1      1.82%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2      3.64%     43.64% |           1      1.82%     45.45% |           2      3.64%     49.09% |           5      9.09%     58.18% |           4      7.27%     65.45% |           2      3.64%     69.09% |           1      1.82%     70.91% |           2      3.64%     74.55% |           1      1.82%     76.36% |           2      3.64%     80.00% |           4      7.27%     87.27% |           3      5.45%     92.73% |           3      5.45%     98.18% |           1      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           55                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          57      3.35%      3.35% |          50      2.94%      6.29% |          49      2.88%      9.17% |          48      2.82%     11.99% |          48      2.82%     14.81% |          47      2.76%     17.58% |          46      2.70%     20.28% |          48      2.82%     23.10% |          51      3.00%     26.10% |          49      2.88%     28.98% |          63      3.70%     32.69% |          48      2.82%     35.51% |          47      2.76%     38.27% |          49      2.88%     41.15% |          52      3.06%     44.21% |          52      3.06%     47.27% |          51      3.00%     50.26% |          52      3.06%     53.32% |          48      2.82%     56.14% |          50      2.94%     59.08% |          66      3.88%     62.96% |          94      5.53%     68.49% |          65      3.82%     72.31% |          66      3.88%     76.19% |          50      2.94%     79.13% |          50      2.94%     82.07% |          50      2.94%     85.01% |          50      2.94%     87.95% |          48      2.82%     90.77% |          48      2.82%     93.59% |          51      3.00%     96.59% |          58      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1701                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     20.45%     20.45% |          10     22.73%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |          10     22.73%     65.91% |           6     13.64%     79.55% |           9     20.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |          12     70.59%     76.47% |           3     17.65%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13     92.86%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49508      3.88%      3.88% |       39570      3.10%      6.98% |       39595      3.10%     10.08% |       39564      3.10%     13.18% |       39528      3.10%     16.28% |       39490      3.09%     19.37% |       39538      3.10%     22.47% |       39545      3.10%     25.57% |       39606      3.10%     28.67% |       39560      3.10%     31.77% |       39613      3.10%     34.88% |       39570      3.10%     37.98% |       39623      3.10%     41.08% |       39598      3.10%     44.19% |       39589      3.10%     47.29% |       39531      3.10%     50.38% |       39587      3.10%     53.49% |       39595      3.10%     56.59% |       39616      3.10%     59.69% |       39547      3.10%     62.79% |       39572      3.10%     65.89% |       39644      3.11%     69.00% |       39570      3.10%     72.10% |       39523      3.10%     75.20% |       39616      3.10%     78.30% |       39668      3.11%     81.41% |       39591      3.10%     84.51% |       39523      3.10%     87.61% |       39540      3.10%     90.71% |       39558      3.10%     93.80% |       39541      3.10%     96.90% |       39523      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1276242                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     61.63%     61.63% |           1      1.16%     62.79% |           3      3.49%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           2      2.33%     68.60% |           0      0.00%     68.60% |           1      1.16%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           2      2.33%     72.09% |           1      1.16%     73.26% |           2      2.33%     75.58% |           2      2.33%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           1      1.16%     81.40% |           1      1.16%     82.56% |           1      1.16%     83.72% |           1      1.16%     84.88% |           2      2.33%     87.21% |           4      4.65%     91.86% |           3      3.49%     95.35% |           3      3.49%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           8     88.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      1.67%      1.67% |           5      2.78%      4.44% |           5      2.78%      7.22% |           5      2.78%     10.00% |           6      3.33%     13.33% |           3      1.67%     15.00% |           3      1.67%     16.67% |           5      2.78%     19.44% |           6      3.33%     22.78% |           4      2.22%     25.00% |           5      2.78%     27.78% |           4      2.22%     30.00% |           5      2.78%     32.78% |           3      1.67%     34.44% |           4      2.22%     36.67% |           4      2.22%     38.89% |           4      2.22%     41.11% |           6      3.33%     44.44% |           6      3.33%     47.78% |           7      3.89%     51.67% |          22     12.22%     63.89% |          21     11.67%     75.56% |           3      1.67%     77.22% |           5      2.78%     80.00% |           5      2.78%     82.78% |           4      2.22%     85.00% |           5      2.78%     87.78% |           5      2.78%     90.56% |           4      2.22%     92.78% |           4      2.22%     95.00% |           5      2.78%     97.78% |           4      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          54      3.55%      3.55% |          45      2.96%      6.51% |          44      2.89%      9.40% |          43      2.83%     12.23% |          42      2.76%     14.99% |          44      2.89%     17.88% |          43      2.83%     20.71% |          43      2.83%     23.54% |          45      2.96%     26.50% |          45      2.96%     29.45% |          58      3.81%     33.27% |          44      2.89%     36.16% |          42      2.76%     38.92% |          46      3.02%     41.95% |          48      3.16%     45.10% |          48      3.16%     48.26% |          47      3.09%     51.35% |          46      3.02%     54.37% |          42      2.76%     57.13% |          43      2.83%     59.96% |          44      2.89%     62.85% |          73      4.80%     67.65% |          62      4.08%     71.73% |          61      4.01%     75.74% |          45      2.96%     78.70% |          46      3.02%     81.72% |          45      2.96%     84.68% |          45      2.96%     87.64% |          44      2.89%     90.53% |          44      2.89%     93.43% |          46      3.02%     96.45% |          54      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         516      3.29%      3.29% |         454      2.89%      6.18% |         438      2.79%      8.97% |         450      2.87%     11.84% |         450      2.87%     14.71% |         432      2.75%     17.46% |         472      3.01%     20.47% |         490      3.12%     23.59% |         504      3.21%     26.81% |         442      2.82%     29.62% |         488      3.11%     32.73% |         499      3.18%     35.91% |         549      3.50%     39.41% |         522      3.33%     42.74% |         509      3.24%     45.98% |         490      3.12%     49.10% |         513      3.27%     52.37% |         532      3.39%     55.76% |         529      3.37%     59.14% |         480      3.06%     62.19% |         473      3.01%     65.21% |         524      3.34%     68.55% |         479      3.05%     71.60% |         453      2.89%     74.49% |         522      3.33%     77.82% |         578      3.68%     81.50% |         523      3.33%     84.83% |         478      3.05%     87.88% |         454      2.89%     90.77% |         510      3.25%     94.02% |         484      3.08%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25310      5.03%      5.03% |       15476      3.07%      8.10% |       15507      3.08%     11.18% |       15459      3.07%     14.25% |       15432      3.06%     17.31% |       15410      3.06%     20.37% |       15415      3.06%     23.43% |       15412      3.06%     26.49% |       15444      3.07%     29.56% |       15459      3.07%     32.63% |       15487      3.07%     35.70% |       15409      3.06%     38.76% |       15422      3.06%     41.82% |       15428      3.06%     44.88% |       15434      3.06%     47.95% |       15401      3.06%     51.01% |       15413      3.06%     54.07% |       15407      3.06%     57.13% |       15434      3.06%     60.19% |       15413      3.06%     63.25% |       15436      3.06%     66.32% |       15449      3.07%     69.38% |       15447      3.07%     72.45% |       15422      3.06%     75.51% |       15435      3.06%     78.58% |       15435      3.06%     81.64% |       15411      3.06%     84.70% |       15398      3.06%     87.76% |       15437      3.06%     90.82% |       15399      3.06%     93.88% |       15398      3.06%     96.94% |       15426      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       503665                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         450      2.87%     11.76% |         450      2.87%     14.63% |         430      2.74%     17.37% |         472      3.01%     20.38% |         491      3.13%     23.51% |         505      3.22%     26.73% |         445      2.84%     29.57% |         487      3.11%     32.67% |         498      3.18%     35.85% |         551      3.51%     39.36% |         523      3.34%     42.70% |         510      3.25%     45.95% |         492      3.14%     49.09% |         515      3.28%     52.37% |         532      3.39%     55.76% |         529      3.37%     59.14% |         483      3.08%     62.22% |         472      3.01%     65.23% |         523      3.34%     68.56% |         477      3.04%     71.60% |         451      2.88%     74.48% |         519      3.31%     77.79% |         577      3.68%     81.47% |         521      3.32%     84.79% |         479      3.05%     87.85% |         456      2.91%     90.75% |         511      3.26%     94.01% |         486      3.10%     97.11% |         453      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15682                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24719      3.13%      3.13% |       24665      3.12%      6.25% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.50% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.75% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.25% |       24663      3.12%     34.37% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.87% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.12% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.13%     59.37% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.62% |       24696      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789663                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      172274      9.61%      9.61% |       54275      3.03%     12.63% |       49275      2.75%     15.38% |       52984      2.95%     18.33% |       53500      2.98%     21.32% |       49508      2.76%     24.08% |       45944      2.56%     26.64% |       45952      2.56%     29.20% |       51251      2.86%     32.06% |       49806      2.78%     34.83% |       54041      3.01%     37.85% |       51019      2.84%     40.69% |       48276      2.69%     43.38% |       46904      2.62%     46.00% |       47871      2.67%     48.67% |       46602      2.60%     51.27% |       50467      2.81%     54.08% |       48361      2.70%     56.78% |       49889      2.78%     59.56% |       54000      3.01%     62.57% |       54516      3.04%     65.61% |       63364      3.53%     69.14% |       57993      3.23%     72.37% |       53233      2.97%     75.34% |       53322      2.97%     78.32% |       51432      2.87%     81.18% |       52496      2.93%     84.11% |       52298      2.92%     87.03% |       55497      3.09%     90.12% |       55153      3.08%     93.20% |       63458      3.54%     96.73% |       58583      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1793544                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          13     48.15%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           1      3.70%     55.56% |           1      3.70%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           1      3.70%     66.67% |           1      3.70%     70.37% |           1      3.70%     74.07% |           1      3.70%     77.78% |           1      3.70%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           27                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       36951     12.37%     12.37% |      149329     50.00%     62.37% |       26950      9.02%     71.40% |       29575      9.90%     81.30% |       26755      8.96%     90.26% |       29098      9.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       298658                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       36951     12.37%     12.37% |      149329     50.00%     62.37% |       26950      9.02%     71.40% |       29575      9.90%     81.30% |       26755      8.96%     90.26% |       29098      9.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       298658                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       36951     12.37%     12.37% |      149329     50.00%     62.37% |       26950      9.02%     71.40% |       29575      9.90%     81.30% |       26755      8.96%     90.26% |       29098      9.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       298658                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       36951     12.37%     12.37% |      149329     50.00%     62.37% |       26950      9.02%     71.40% |       29575      9.90%     81.30% |       26755      8.96%     90.26% |       29098      9.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       298658                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
