
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130717                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130717443500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306885522000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33711                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58201                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              103193979                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3748320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1266.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42702227                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73724153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21512320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21512320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13555968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13555968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       336130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             336130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164571150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164571150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103704354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103704354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    268275504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           268275504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     336130                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211812                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   336130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211812                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21511552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13555712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21512320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13555968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            21029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   105782                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2708                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130716883500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               336130                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211812                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                107788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       164615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.023212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.421870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.126009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        57839     35.14%     35.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36337     22.07%     57.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54801     33.29%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6232      3.79%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4229      2.57%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1947      1.18%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1082      0.66%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          772      0.47%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1376      0.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       164615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.861803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.689867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37914     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.585065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.405038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.836977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34430     90.79%     90.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2490      6.57%     97.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          622      1.64%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          382      1.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 34467695589                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            40769908089                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1680590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   102546.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              121296.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  248164                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 135143                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    238559.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041487500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4364880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98309576500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              629090280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              615399120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              343253625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              335783250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1318512000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1303153800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            689122080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            683393760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8537705280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8537705280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49715051445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49278592755                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34819806750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35202665250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96052541460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95956693215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.819477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.086220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20814144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20814144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12917312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12917312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       325221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             325221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159230042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159230042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98818579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98818579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258048621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           258048621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     325221                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201833                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   325221                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201833                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20813568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12917184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20814144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12917312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    86400                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2875                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130716609000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               325221                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201833                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 88648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   6236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       136875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   246.430510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.942448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.060853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        29082     21.25%     21.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36080     26.36%     47.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54799     40.04%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6368      4.65%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4734      3.46%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2164      1.58%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1175      0.86%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          858      0.63%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1615      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       136875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.988805                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.588958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36165     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.578832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.390699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.896350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32892     90.92%     90.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2187      6.05%     96.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          682      1.89%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          417      1.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 30635297592                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            36733022592                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1626060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    94201.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              112951.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  249166                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 140998                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248013.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549050750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4364880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97802110750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              524006280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              510768720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              285916125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              278693250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1277117400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259466000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656994240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650870640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8537705280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8537705280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49153334400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48210838830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35312535000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36139285500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95747608725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95587628220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.486742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          731.262861                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20812544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20812544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12917760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12917760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       325196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             325196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159217802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159217802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98822006                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98822006                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258039808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           258039808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     325196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201840                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   325196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201840                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20811584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12917504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20812544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12917760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    88156                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2933                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130717340000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               325196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201840                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 90179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   6335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       136377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.319123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.680769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.122676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        29045     21.30%     21.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34960     25.63%     46.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        55435     40.65%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6341      4.65%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4868      3.57%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2091      1.53%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1162      0.85%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          823      0.60%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1652      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       136377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.993528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.662660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36140     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.582520                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.392359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.905804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32827     90.80%     90.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2221      6.14%     96.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          688      1.90%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          419      1.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 30758153221                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            36855296971                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1625905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    94587.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              113337.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  249256                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 141380                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248023.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403544000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4364880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97947414750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              523053720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              507948840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              285396375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              277154625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1276891200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259458200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656916480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            650980800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8537705280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8537705280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48885210675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47956569525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547731250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36362328750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95712904980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95552146020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          732.221252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.991416                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20790976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20790976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12916608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12916608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159052805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159052805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98813193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98813193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257865998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257865998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324859                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201822                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324859                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201822                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20790144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12916480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20790976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12916608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    88151                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     3036                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130716609000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324859                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201822                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 171049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 90307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   6547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       135663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   248.455187                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.026299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.998106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        28328     20.88%     20.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34921     25.74%     46.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        55532     40.93%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6418      4.73%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4698      3.46%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2121      1.56%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1147      0.85%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          858      0.63%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1640      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       135663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.987300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.099678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36131     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.583930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.393343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.910214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32830     90.83%     90.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2194      6.07%     96.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          692      1.91%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          427      1.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 30844530008                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            36935392508                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1624230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    94951.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              113701.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  248981                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 142020                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248189.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   74.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931476250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4364880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98419899750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              519402240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              506210040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              283404000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              276205875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1275027000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258717200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656825760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650967840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8537705280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8537705280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48659129865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47910627810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35746076250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36402657000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95677570395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95543091045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.950670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.921878                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11835167                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 36.268333                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.576372                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                57.543358                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11674377     98.64%     98.64% |      109083      0.92%     99.56% |       43832      0.37%     99.93% |        7504      0.06%    100.00% |         366      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11835167                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31866185                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.065710                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.521744                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.515054                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29984678     94.10%     94.10% |     1319293      4.14%     98.24% |       37693      0.12%     98.35% |       47860      0.15%     98.50% |       34576      0.11%     98.61% |       42814      0.13%     98.75% |       47512      0.15%     98.90% |      115625      0.36%     99.26% |      236134      0.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31866185                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31866184                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              31.116336                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.896075                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            203.733931                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31794588     99.78%     99.78% |       63497      0.20%     99.97% |        4718      0.01%     99.99% |        3111      0.01%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31866184                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29944650                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000156                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013471                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29939226     99.98%     99.98% |        5422      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29944650                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1921534                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        469.270646                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       228.623495                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       695.737640                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1849938     96.27%     96.27% |       63497      3.30%     99.58% |        4718      0.25%     99.82% |        3111      0.16%     99.99% |         262      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1921534                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         123119                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       123119                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          228                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          198                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          191                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          203                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23030828                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1174505                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24205333                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6912484                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7038242                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       329489                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44936                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       119792                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085482                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70089                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits           81                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         7448                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits           87                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38825                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         7265                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits           84                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         7373                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits           81                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         7243                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits           79                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         7293                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits           91                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38821                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         7287                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits           83                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38829                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         7923                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits           82                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         7175                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits           81                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         7414                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits           85                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         7365                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits           85                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         7439                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits           85                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         7254                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits           84                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         7335                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits           80                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         7350                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits           85                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         7473                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits           85                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        38912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         7399                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       124310                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        51558                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17436                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40637                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58073                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40640                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54959                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11256                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51949                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10709                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40670                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51379                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51897                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9823                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40598                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50421                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14129                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12020                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52679                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13100                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53780                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16831                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40611                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57442                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12141                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17069                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67233                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20995                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40640                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61635                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40689                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14594                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40742                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55840                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19811                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40627                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60438                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15885                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40625                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68597                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40586                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63099                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16574                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40554                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49762                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8754                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40615                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49369                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40683                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55092                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18309836                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18309836                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18531847                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18309836                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7579683                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7567136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18309836                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.070036                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7360670                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7360670                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7543727                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7360670                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3429944                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3411606                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7360670                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.028155                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5359765                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5359765                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5529046                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5359765                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2067935                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2054401                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5359765                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.020501                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4440310                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4440310                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4603339                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4440310                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1783582                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1772214                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4440310                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.016984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6356531                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6356531                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6535207                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6356531                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2929730                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2910395                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6356531                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.024314                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6460559                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6460559                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6658285                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6460559                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2984014                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2960127                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6460559                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.024712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7400842                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7400842                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7636898                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7400842                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2792539                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2770870                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7400842                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028309                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4817639                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4817639                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5040986                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4817639                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1984848                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1964891                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4817639                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.018428                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2931327                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2931327                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3021112                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2931327                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1222081                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1213067                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2931327                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.011212                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4160758                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4160758                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4307627                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4160758                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1893071                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879310                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4160758                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.015915                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3476899                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3476899                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3643150                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3476899                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1459837                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1443999                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3476899                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.013299                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3096250                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3096250                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3194077                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3096250                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1250450                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1242054                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3096250                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011843                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4353013                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4353013                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4494020                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4353013                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1916218                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1903525                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4353013                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016650                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3460174                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3460174                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3609166                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3460174                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1437960                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1423514                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3460174                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.013235                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2126044                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2126044                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2207428                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2126044                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       926861                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       917248                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2126044                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008132                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3058810                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3058810                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3185294                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3058810                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1361270                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1340914                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3058810                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.011700                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4092368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4092368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4225687                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4092368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1695974                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1678772                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4092368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.015653                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3231325                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3231325                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3360224                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3231325                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1402915                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1386809                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3231325                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.012360                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2905801                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2905801                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2973423                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2905801                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1239625                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1234029                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2905801                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011115                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1849709                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1849709                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1877594                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1849709                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       774182                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       772753                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1849709                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007075                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1422941                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1422941                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1427718                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1422941                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       611700                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       611633                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1422941                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005443                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2021903                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2021903                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2027794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2021903                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       935153                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       934851                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2021903                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007734                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1723071                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1723071                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1730161                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1723071                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       757385                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       757079                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1723071                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006591                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1116552                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1116552                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1118410                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1116552                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       477124                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       477048                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1116552                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004271                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1366485                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1366485                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1371638                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1366485                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       560037                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       559961                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1366485                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005227                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1855507                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1855507                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1861288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1855507                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       842072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       841735                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1855507                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007097                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1659139                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1659139                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1666038                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1659139                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       718296                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       717947                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1659139                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006346                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1119280                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1119280                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1121273                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1119280                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       476197                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       476116                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1119280                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004281                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      5973864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      5973864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6323455                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5973864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2389174                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2373620                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      5973864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.022850                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6131021                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6131021                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6445659                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6131021                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2468458                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2452429                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6131021                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023451                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6418554                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6418554                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6833728                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6418554                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2597491                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2575038                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6418554                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.024551                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6460931                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6460931                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6841831                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6460931                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2646353                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2623203                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6460931                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024713                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9858067     27.85%     27.85% |    23727030     67.03%     94.87% |     1814482      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35399579                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9858067     27.85%     27.85% |    23727030     67.03%     94.87% |     1814482      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35399579                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   323058896                       |   581095675                       |    40788929                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   229614909                       |    99384811                       |     1814482                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.771018                       |   24.490873                       |   22.479655                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   23.292082                       |    4.188675                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.693637                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     9.345145                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.038782                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002135                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046713      7.10%      7.10% |    0.046479      7.07%     14.17% |    0.046315      7.04%     21.21% |    0.046167      7.02%     28.24% |    0.110515     16.81%     45.04% |    0.108134     16.44%     61.49% |    0.110413     16.79%     78.28% |    0.107976     16.42%     94.70% |    0.008718      1.33%     96.02% |    0.008720      1.33%     97.35% |    0.008720      1.33%     98.67% |    0.008723      1.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.657592                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016318                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028947                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000585                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000585                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000585                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000584                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004940                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001881                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001980                       |    0.001899                       |    0.001810                       |    0.001803                       |    0.001937                       |    0.001927                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001929                       |    0.001862                       |    0.001845                       |    0.001859                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001903                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002084                       |    0.001971                       |    0.001984                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001974                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002237                       |    0.002113                       |    0.007708                       |    0.007456                       |    0.007456                       |    0.007448                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000152                       |    0.000623                       |    0.000031                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000031                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000031                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000026                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000026                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000030                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002115                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002087                       |    0.001147                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002024                       |    0.000026                       |    0.002195                       |    0.004259                       |    0.001819                       |           0                       |    0.002146                       |    0.005715                       |           0                       |    0.004872                       |    0.007820                       |    0.002298                       |    0.000890                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000031                       |    0.004739                       |    0.003330                       |    0.009520                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000032                       |    0.007568                       |    0.003801                       |    0.002642                       |           0                       |    0.002163                       |    0.005479                       |           0                       |    0.008396                       |    0.004660                       |    0.002755                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002035                       |    0.000029                       |    0.004209                       |    0.002156                       |    0.002525                       |           0                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |    0.001984                       |    0.001147                       |           0                       |    0.002262                       |           0                       |    0.001160                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002099                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000029                       |    0.001706                       |    0.004040                       |    0.004387                       |    0.002854                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002070                       |    0.000031                       |    0.004109                       |    0.008158                       |    0.005735                       |    0.003322                       |    0.029418                       |    0.004383                       |    0.000152                       |    0.002616                       |    0.013621                       |    0.016197                       |    0.003648                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000623                       |    0.002677                       |    0.005882                       |    0.013242                       |    0.003621                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000033                       |    0.005936                       |    0.004802                       |    0.007608                       |    0.003462                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001965                       |    0.000030                       |    0.002657                       |    0.004105                       |    0.003710                       |    0.003295                       |           0                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001087                       |    0.001939                       |    0.002020                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.000335                       |    0.002084                       |    0.002011                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002090                       |    0.000027                       |    0.001186                       |    0.002191                       |    0.004330                       |    0.002585                       |           0                       |    0.002360                       |    0.005478                       |           0                       |    0.001413                       |    0.004860                       |    0.007891                       |    0.002549                       |    0.000890                       |    0.001909                       |    0.000031                       |    0.014859                       |    0.004721                       |    0.003267                       |    0.002632                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001911                       |    0.000032                       |    0.001890                       |    0.007365                       |    0.003744                       |    0.002596                       |           0                       |    0.002210                       |    0.005476                       |           0                       |    0.002095                       |    0.008347                       |    0.004647                       |    0.001939                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001936                       |    0.000029                       |    0.002102                       |    0.004099                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002028                       |           0                       |    0.002080                       |           0                       |    0.000301                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002013                       |           0                       |    0.002083                       |           0                       |    0.000217                       |    0.001971                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001964                       |    0.000026                       |    0.000890                       |    0.000289                       |    0.004074                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001927                       |    0.000027                       |    0.002485                       |    0.001107                       |    0.005264                       |    0.000889                       |    0.002015                       |    0.000029                       |    0.006979                       |    0.002640                       |    0.003102                       |    0.000889                       |    0.001972                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000773                       |    0.005220                       |    0.003476                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.003847                       |    0.004172                       |    0.001085                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |    0.000883                       |    0.003797                       |    0.000295                       |           0                       |    0.002085                       |           0                       |    0.000223                       |    0.001974                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.657592                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6741044                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6741044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4198566                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3562952                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.861165                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          496638                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30344                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13662843                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84178                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18896622                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182127                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13747021                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19078749                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32559465                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266305                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32825770                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7045471                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7055121                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7045471                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7055121                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257688049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24237730                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50647311                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6741044                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4059590                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227839296                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       427467                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340465                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7044797                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253638449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.359936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.510645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236709619     93.33%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2299693      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1303877      0.51%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1052292      0.41%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1853724      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1497857      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1152164      0.45%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741658      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7027565      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253638449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026160                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196545                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12001839                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228795510                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6896552                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5490157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454384                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86664792                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454384                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14328593                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122747020                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15557069                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9918484                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90632892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84586060                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2123496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83695006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204401802                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133442333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71462590                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232403                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389231                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395079                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40183158                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7103813                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19273961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       779389                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       588560                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82874937                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       480277                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87193571                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9371468                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14507971                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128990                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253638449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.343771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216646562     85.42%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14109074      5.56%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11420728      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3570087      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3338552      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2317465      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394741      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507119      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334121      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253638449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135398     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928776     76.10%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156281     12.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574089      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53535316     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13851509     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19124301     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87193571                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220455                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013997                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429566027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92735647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78924746                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87839918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1239696                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340450                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9243                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       751981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7811835                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454384                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5127841                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115437107                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83355214                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7103813                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19273961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       471265                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73007                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9243                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137198                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335038                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472236                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86484901                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13652579                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32570357                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5316486                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18917778                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335619                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79041739                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78924758                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35236025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55613065                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306280                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633593                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9629490                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       351287                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405844                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252055753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.023406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221269345     87.79%     87.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11352092      4.50%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11520693      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3044877      1.21%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1342954      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       493781      0.20%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674451      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551866      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1805694      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252055753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42702226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73724150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24285342                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5763362                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4843722                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73111147                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       411087                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49008901     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5763362      7.82%     74.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18521980     25.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73724150                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1805694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333401367                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168295923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86481                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4049600                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42702226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73724150                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.034534                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.034534                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        138921244                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54048803                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27189889                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22542724                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43697892                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1383442500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1383442499.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5500734                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        47.519491                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.956498                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       82.008130                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5339980     97.08%     97.08% |      109047      1.98%     99.06% |       43832      0.80%     99.86% |        7504      0.14%     99.99% |         366      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5500734                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6315291                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.510262                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.961278                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.887653                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     6258134     99.09%     99.09% |       54458      0.86%     99.96% |        2523      0.04%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6315291                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         19142                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.446766                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.109335                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.255462                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         648      3.39%      3.39% |        2204     11.51%     14.90% |        8558     44.71%     59.61% |        4586     23.96%     83.56% |        3082     16.10%     99.67% |          55      0.29%     99.95% |           7      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           19142                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5863300                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           96.732818                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.443621                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         398.138108                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5810725     99.10%     99.10% |       46286      0.79%     99.89% |        3584      0.06%     99.95% |        2494      0.04%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5863300                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5129844                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000698                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000602                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026441                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5126266     99.93%     99.93% |        3576      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5129844                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       733456                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     752.302000                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    350.841144                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    880.882475                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      680881     92.83%     92.83% |       46286      6.31%     99.14% |        3584      0.49%     99.63% |        2494      0.34%     99.97% |         203      0.03%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        733456                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18669757                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           20.819740                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.783135                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         138.671373                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18595323     99.60%     99.60% |       55424      0.30%     99.90% |       14947      0.08%     99.98% |        2254      0.01%     99.99% |         684      0.00%     99.99% |         449      0.00%    100.00% |         405      0.00%    100.00% |         212      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18669757                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17636107                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009907                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17634376     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17636107                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033650                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     324.857963                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    197.835549                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    499.470039                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      959216     92.80%     92.80% |       55424      5.36%     98.16% |       14947      1.45%     99.61% |        2254      0.22%     99.82% |         684      0.07%     99.89% |         449      0.04%     99.93% |         405      0.04%     99.97% |         212      0.02%     99.99% |          56      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033650                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7038242                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.530643                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.179030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.697053                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7037918    100.00%    100.00% |         281      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7038242                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6912484                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6912482    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6912484                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125758                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.664777                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.910392                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.868950                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125434     99.74%     99.74% |         281      0.22%     99.97% |          23      0.02%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125758                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.916295                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168711                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.685864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287274     97.85%     97.85% |        4935      1.68%     99.53% |        1114      0.38%     99.91% |         134      0.05%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264826     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.644658                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.347166                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.573177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4935     17.23%     95.22% |        1114      3.89%     99.11% |         134      0.47%     99.57% |          63      0.22%     99.79% |          50      0.17%     99.97% |           8      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12471                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      2192390                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        27240                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    33738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    33821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    33698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    33876                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    33859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    33779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    33101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    34029                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    33803                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    33862                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   33601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   33862                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   33787                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   33788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   33676                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   33766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   5206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   5123                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   5246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   5068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   5085                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   5165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   5843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   4915                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   5141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   5082                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  5343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  5082                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  5157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  5156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  5268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  5178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    10471                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    10325                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    10443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    10282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    10311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    10337                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    11129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    10291                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    10514                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    10418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   10573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   10357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   10521                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   10503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   10635                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   10454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               38944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1562592                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 1554516                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1568028                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1528145                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1544527                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 1534516                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1659837                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 1543609                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 1590620                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 1562850                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                1557088                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                1566295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                1572922                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                1555019                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                1595611                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4296530788                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  29600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  9344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                25917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                26066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                25929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                26121                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                26093                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                26107                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                25363                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                26266                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                26018                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                26026                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               25870                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               26137                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               26066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               26031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               25867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               25952                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               3683                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               3534                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               3671                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               3479                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               3507                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               3493                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               4237                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               3334                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               3582                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               3574                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              3730                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              3463                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              3534                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              3569                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              3733                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              3648                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                7821                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                7755                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                7769                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                7755                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                7766                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                7672                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                7738                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                7763                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                7785                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                7836                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               7731                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               7725                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               7721                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               7757                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               7809                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               7814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1523                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              1589                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1575                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1589                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              1578                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              1672                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1606                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              1581                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              1559                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              1508                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1613                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             1619                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1623                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             1587                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1535                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             1530                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2545079                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2604503                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2606959                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2600586                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2551566                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2570358                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2661173                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2555326                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2626078                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2626788                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2626341                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2624656                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2623748                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2607640                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2609481                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2625121                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2419554                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2478324                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2484244                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2475608                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2433958                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2448614                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2521524                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2434460                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2500623                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               2496709                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2503691                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2502196                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2499612                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2487022                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2487214                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              2503020                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            242048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               798818                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               846375                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               821238                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               848419                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               790649                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               805746                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               826209                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               812477                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               842352                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               827079                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              814566                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              834126                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              824833                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              833265                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              820431                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              811699                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2419554                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2478324                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2484244                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2475608                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2433958                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2448614                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2521524                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2434460                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2500623                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          2496709                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2503691                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2502196                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2499612                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2487022                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2487214                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         2503020                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       242048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          798818                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          846375                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          821238                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          848419                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          790649                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          805746                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          826209                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          812477                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          842352                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          827079                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         814566                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         834126                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         824833                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         833265                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         820431                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         811699                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2514823                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2574247                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2576703                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2570330                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2521310                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2540102                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2630917                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2525070                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2595822                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2596532                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2596085                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2594400                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2593492                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2577384                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2579225                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2594865                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         258765332                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         258765328                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        258765324                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        258765330                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        258765344                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        258765340                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        258765336                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        258765332                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2535993                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2590481                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2577265                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2575567                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2525842                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2544073                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2647049                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2526271                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2603504                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2622672                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2612459                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2608626                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2619063                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2595289                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2600970                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2608109                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               775                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               775                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               793                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               761                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               778                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               860                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               737                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               772                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              776                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              774                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              786                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              782                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1778                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1779                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1779                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1779                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1722                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1592                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1650                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1640                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1736                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1756                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5490                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5933                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              5415                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5454                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              4436                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              4621                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              5069                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             5373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             5000                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             4499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             4702                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             5062                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             5236                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1225318                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1239479                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1238571                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         1210236                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1226131                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1229744                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         1301844                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         1212009                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         1234830                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         1201484                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        1222751                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        1218491                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        1216999                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        1225279                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        1263373                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        1235494                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      336105     25.63%     25.63% |      325221     24.80%     50.43% |      325196     24.80%     75.23% |      324859     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1311381                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205996     25.94%     25.94% |      196011     24.69%     50.63% |      196015     24.69%     75.32% |      195995     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       794017                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      336130     25.63%     25.63% |      325221     24.80%     50.43% |      325196     24.80%     75.23% |      324859     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1311406                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211812     25.92%     25.92% |      201833     24.69%     50.61% |      201840     24.70%     75.31% |      201822     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817307                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121917     25.16%     25.16% |      121018     24.97%     50.13% |      120989     24.97%     75.10% |      120672     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       484596                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      336105     25.63%     25.63% |      325221     24.80%     50.43% |      325196     24.80%     75.23% |      324859     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1311381                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205759     25.94%     25.94% |      195833     24.69%     50.63% |      195840     24.69%     75.31% |      195822     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793254                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121917     25.16%     25.16% |      121018     24.97%     50.13% |      120989     24.97%     75.10% |      120672     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       484596                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      336105     25.63%     25.63% |      325221     24.80%     50.43% |      325196     24.80%     75.23% |      324859     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1311381                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205759     25.94%     25.94% |      195833     24.69%     50.63% |      195840     24.69%     75.31% |      195822     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793254                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5395877     91.94%     91.94% |          17      0.00%     91.94% |       29568      0.50%     92.44% |       29572      0.50%     92.95% |       29574      0.50%     93.45% |       29571      0.50%     93.95% |       29570      0.50%     94.46% |       29571      0.50%     94.96% |       29569      0.50%     95.47% |       29572      0.50%     95.97% |       29571      0.50%     96.47% |       29570      0.50%     96.98% |       29573      0.50%     97.48% |       29574      0.50%     97.98% |       29571      0.50%     98.49% |       29569      0.50%     98.99% |       29575      0.50%     99.50% |       29568      0.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5869032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7038304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7038304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18819352     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |        9344      0.05%     99.26% |        9344      0.05%     99.31% |        9344      0.05%     99.36% |        9344      0.05%     99.41% |        9344      0.05%     99.46% |        9344      0.05%     99.51% |        9344      0.05%     99.56% |        9344      0.05%     99.61% |        9344      0.05%     99.66% |        9344      0.05%     99.70% |        9344      0.05%     99.75% |        9344      0.05%     99.80% |        9344      0.05%     99.85% |        9344      0.05%     99.90% |        9344      0.05%     99.95% |        9344      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18968856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18732     97.97%     97.97% |          17      0.09%     98.05% |         154      0.81%     98.86% |           1      0.01%     98.87% |           1      0.01%     98.87% |           9      0.05%     98.92% |          85      0.44%     99.36% |           3      0.02%     99.38% |          40      0.21%     99.59% |          28      0.15%     99.73% |           2      0.01%     99.74% |          23      0.12%     99.86% |           1      0.01%     99.87% |           1      0.01%     99.87% |           2      0.01%     99.88% |          13      0.07%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           9      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        19121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297230     67.90%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |       38324      2.01%     69.91% |       38322      2.01%     71.92% |       38318      2.01%     73.92% |       38325      2.01%     75.93% |       38325      2.01%     77.93% |       38315      2.01%     79.94% |       38323      2.01%     81.95% |       38320      2.01%     83.95% |       38323      2.01%     85.96% |       38320      2.01%     87.96% |       38326      2.01%     89.97% |       38326      2.01%     91.98% |       38319      2.01%     93.98% |       38325      2.01%     95.99% |       38317      2.01%     97.99% |       38329      2.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1910387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     84.21%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      261248     35.64%     35.64% |           1      0.00%     35.64% |       29484      4.02%     39.66% |       29481      4.02%     43.69% |       29484      4.02%     47.71% |       29487      4.02%     51.73% |       29489      4.02%     55.75% |       29478      4.02%     59.78% |       29486      4.02%     63.80% |       29487      4.02%     67.82% |       29487      4.02%     71.84% |       29485      4.02%     75.87% |       29483      4.02%     79.89% |       29483      4.02%     83.91% |       29484      4.02%     87.93% |       29488      4.02%     91.96% |       29483      4.02%     95.98% |       29483      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       733001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     84.21%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038993     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |        9344      0.79%     88.21% |        9344      0.79%     88.99% |        9344      0.79%     89.78% |        9344      0.79%     90.57% |        9344      0.79%     91.35% |        9343      0.79%     92.14% |        9343      0.79%     92.92% |        9343      0.79%     93.71% |        9344      0.79%     94.50% |        9342      0.79%     95.28% |        9344      0.79%     96.07% |        9344      0.79%     96.86% |        9344      0.79%     97.64% |        9344      0.79%     98.43% |        9344      0.79%     99.21% |        9344      0.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170913     65.64%     65.64% |           0      0.00%     65.64% |       38309      2.15%     67.79% |       38312      2.15%     69.93% |       38315      2.15%     72.08% |       38310      2.15%     74.23% |       38320      2.15%     76.38% |       38307      2.15%     78.53% |       38277      2.15%     80.67% |       38317      2.15%     82.82% |       38317      2.15%     84.97% |       38292      2.15%     87.11% |       38314      2.15%     89.26% |       38314      2.15%     91.41% |       38314      2.15%     93.56% |       38309      2.15%     95.70% |       38315      2.15%     97.85% |       38305      2.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1783860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      260106     35.54%     35.54% |          17      0.00%     35.54% |       29487      4.03%     39.57% |       29481      4.03%     43.60% |       29484      4.03%     47.63% |       29487      4.03%     51.66% |       29489      4.03%     55.69% |       29478      4.03%     59.71% |       29486      4.03%     63.74% |       29487      4.03%     67.77% |       29487      4.03%     71.80% |       29485      4.03%     75.83% |       29483      4.03%     79.86% |       29483      4.03%     83.89% |       29484      4.03%     87.91% |       29488      4.03%     91.94% |       29483      4.03%     95.97% |       29483      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122046    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |        9344      0.88%     86.81% |        9344      0.88%     87.69% |        9344      0.88%     88.57% |        9344      0.88%     89.44% |        9344      0.88%     90.32% |        9343      0.88%     91.20% |        9343      0.88%     92.08% |        9343      0.88%     92.96% |        9344      0.88%     93.84% |        9342      0.88%     94.72% |        9344      0.88%     95.60% |        9344      0.88%     96.48% |        9344      0.88%     97.36% |        9344      0.88%     98.24% |        9344      0.88%     99.12% |        9344      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11062     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           3      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1578    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1489     93.18%     93.18% |           0      0.00%     93.18% |           7      0.44%     93.62% |           1      0.06%     93.68% |           1      0.06%     93.74% |           9      0.56%     94.31% |           1      0.06%     94.37% |           2      0.13%     94.49% |          40      2.50%     97.00% |           1      0.06%     97.06% |           2      0.13%     97.18% |          23      1.44%     98.62% |           1      0.06%     98.69% |           1      0.06%     98.75% |           2      0.13%     98.87% |          11      0.69%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           7      0.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6912484    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6912484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4653     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121491    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2531021     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |          81      0.00%     99.95% |          87      0.00%     99.95% |          84      0.00%     99.96% |          81      0.00%     99.96% |          79      0.00%     99.96% |          90      0.00%     99.97% |          82      0.00%     99.97% |          81      0.00%     99.97% |          81      0.00%     99.98% |          83      0.00%     99.98% |          85      0.00%     99.98% |          85      0.00%     99.99% |          84      0.00%     99.99% |          80      0.00%     99.99% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2532354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2770     88.53%     88.53% |           1      0.03%     88.56% |         151      4.83%     93.38% |           1      0.03%     93.42% |           1      0.03%     93.45% |           9      0.29%     93.74% |          85      2.72%     96.45% |           3      0.10%     96.55% |          40      1.28%     97.83% |          23      0.74%     98.56% |           2      0.06%     98.63% |          23      0.74%     99.36% |           1      0.03%     99.39% |           1      0.03%     99.42% |           2      0.06%     99.49% |          11      0.35%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           5      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         3129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      195234     29.53%     29.53% |           0      0.00%     29.53% |       29111      4.40%     33.94% |       29114      4.40%     38.34% |       29117      4.40%     42.75% |       29112      4.40%     47.15% |       29122      4.41%     51.56% |       29110      4.40%     55.96% |       29096      4.40%     60.36% |       29120      4.41%     64.77% |       29119      4.41%     69.17% |       29096      4.40%     73.57% |       29116      4.40%     77.98% |       29116      4.40%     82.38% |       29116      4.40%     86.79% |       29111      4.40%     91.19% |       29117      4.40%     95.60% |       29109      4.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       661036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2590291    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2590291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17839188    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17839193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         247     98.02%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           5      1.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975679     86.90%     86.90% |           0      0.00%     86.90% |        9198      0.82%     87.71% |        9198      0.82%     88.53% |        9198      0.82%     89.35% |        9198      0.82%     90.17% |        9198      0.82%     90.99% |        9197      0.82%     91.81% |        9181      0.82%     92.63% |        9197      0.82%     93.45% |        9198      0.82%     94.27% |        9196      0.82%     95.09% |        9198      0.82%     95.90% |        9198      0.82%     96.72% |        9198      0.82%     97.54% |        9198      0.82%     98.36% |        9198      0.82%     99.18% |        9196      0.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1122824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     97.20%     97.20% |           0      0.00%     97.20% |           5      0.15%     97.35% |           9      0.26%     97.62% |           2      0.06%     97.67% |           6      0.18%     97.85% |           4      0.12%     97.97% |           6      0.18%     98.15% |           6      0.18%     98.32% |           2      0.06%     98.38% |           4      0.12%     98.50% |           5      0.15%     98.65% |          11      0.32%     98.97% |          11      0.32%     99.29% |           3      0.09%     99.38% |           5      0.15%     99.53% |           2      0.06%     99.59% |          14      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      261248     35.64%     35.64% |           1      0.00%     35.64% |       29484      4.02%     39.66% |       29481      4.02%     43.69% |       29484      4.02%     47.71% |       29487      4.02%     51.73% |       29489      4.02%     55.75% |       29478      4.02%     59.78% |       29486      4.02%     63.80% |       29487      4.02%     67.82% |       29487      4.02%     71.84% |       29485      4.02%     75.87% |       29483      4.02%     79.89% |       29483      4.02%     83.91% |       29484      4.02%     87.93% |       29488      4.02%     91.96% |       29483      4.02%     95.98% |       29483      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       733001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     84.21%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126194    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912799     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |        9344      0.88%     86.81% |        9344      0.88%     87.69% |        9344      0.88%     88.57% |        9344      0.88%     89.45% |        9344      0.88%     90.32% |        9343      0.88%     91.20% |        9343      0.88%     92.08% |        9343      0.88%     92.96% |        9344      0.88%     93.84% |        9342      0.88%     94.72% |        9344      0.88%     95.60% |        9344      0.88%     96.48% |        9344      0.88%     97.36% |        9344      0.88%     98.24% |        9344      0.88%     99.12% |        9344      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     99.13%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           4      0.07%     99.20% |           6      0.10%     99.30% |           3      0.05%     99.35% |           2      0.03%     99.39% |           3      0.05%     99.44% |           1      0.02%     99.46% |           4      0.07%     99.53% |           3      0.05%     99.58% |           2      0.03%     99.62% |           5      0.09%     99.70% |           6      0.10%     99.81% |           3      0.05%     99.86% |           1      0.02%     99.88% |           7      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170913     65.64%     65.64% |           0      0.00%     65.64% |       38309      2.15%     67.79% |       38312      2.15%     69.93% |       38315      2.15%     72.08% |       38310      2.15%     74.23% |       38320      2.15%     76.38% |       38307      2.15%     78.53% |       38277      2.15%     80.67% |       38317      2.15%     82.82% |       38317      2.15%     84.97% |       38292      2.15%     87.11% |       38314      2.15%     89.26% |       38314      2.15%     91.41% |       38314      2.15%     93.56% |       38307      2.15%     95.70% |       38315      2.15%     97.85% |       38304      2.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1783857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3726      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.75%     11.55% |        3612      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3749      2.98%     20.65% |        3352      2.66%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.99% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3139      2.50%     64.00% |        3800      3.02%     67.02% |        3587      2.85%     69.87% |        3421      2.72%     72.59% |        3732      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4706      3.74%     84.97% |        4112      3.27%     88.24% |        5234      4.16%     92.40% |        5088      4.04%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114276     15.58%     15.58% |       20807      2.84%     18.42% |       18729      2.55%     20.97% |       21438      2.92%     23.89% |       20972      2.86%     26.75% |       19840      2.70%     29.46% |       18285      2.49%     31.95% |       18247      2.49%     34.44% |       20786      2.83%     37.27% |       19075      2.60%     39.87% |       22422      3.06%     42.93% |       20537      2.80%     45.73% |       19040      2.60%     48.32% |       18524      2.53%     50.85% |       18219      2.48%     53.33% |       18222      2.48%     55.82% |       20308      2.77%     58.59% |       18716      2.55%     61.14% |       18905      2.58%     63.72% |       19950      2.72%     66.44% |       19895      2.71%     69.15% |       26200      3.57%     72.72% |       23136      3.15%     75.88% |       19593      2.67%     78.55% |       19553      2.67%     81.21% |       18973      2.59%     83.80% |       18488      2.52%     86.32% |       18204      2.48%     88.80% |       20115      2.74%     91.54% |       19426      2.65%     94.19% |       21194      2.89%     97.08% |       21405      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       733480                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57706      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30806      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30304      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34686      3.27%     63.16% |       37253      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33994      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171504      9.61%      9.61% |       53974      3.03%     12.64% |       48971      2.75%     15.39% |       52684      2.95%     18.34% |       53197      2.98%     21.32% |       49200      2.76%     24.08% |       45655      2.56%     26.64% |       45668      2.56%     29.20% |       51221      2.87%     32.07% |       49499      2.77%     34.84% |       53737      3.01%     37.86% |       50717      2.84%     40.70% |       47975      2.69%     43.39% |       46599      2.61%     46.00% |       47565      2.67%     48.67% |       46299      2.60%     51.26% |       50238      2.82%     54.08% |       48057      2.69%     56.77% |       49598      2.78%     59.55% |       53707      3.01%     62.56% |       54202      3.04%     65.60% |       63029      3.53%     69.14% |       57671      3.23%     72.37% |       52915      2.97%     75.34% |       53179      2.98%     78.32% |       51134      2.87%     81.18% |       52192      2.93%     84.11% |       51995      2.91%     87.02% |       55197      3.09%     90.12% |       54851      3.07%     93.19% |       63155      3.54%     96.73% |       58279      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1783864                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34373      4.33%      4.33% |       24455      3.08%      7.42% |       24472      3.09%     10.50% |       24463      3.08%     13.59% |       24453      3.08%     16.67% |       24454      3.08%     19.75% |       24458      3.08%     22.84% |       24462      3.08%     25.92% |       24488      3.09%     29.01% |       24488      3.09%     32.10% |       24487      3.09%     35.19% |       24495      3.09%     38.27% |       24475      3.09%     41.36% |       24482      3.09%     44.45% |       24478      3.09%     47.53% |       24474      3.09%     50.62% |       24499      3.09%     53.71% |       24484      3.09%     56.80% |       24492      3.09%     59.88% |       24489      3.09%     62.97% |       24475      3.09%     66.06% |       24494      3.09%     69.15% |       24485      3.09%     72.23% |       24476      3.09%     75.32% |       24477      3.09%     78.41% |       24475      3.09%     81.49% |       24470      3.09%     84.58% |       24463      3.08%     87.66% |       24468      3.09%     90.75% |       24452      3.08%     93.83% |       24461      3.08%     96.92% |       24465      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       793082                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       16068      3.31%      3.31% |       15134      3.12%      6.44% |       15137      3.12%      9.56% |       15115      3.12%     12.68% |       15095      3.11%     15.79% |       15055      3.11%     18.90% |       15102      3.12%     22.01% |       15106      3.12%     25.13% |       15148      3.12%     28.25% |       15100      3.11%     31.37% |       15149      3.12%     34.49% |       15099      3.11%     37.61% |       15172      3.13%     40.74% |       15142      3.12%     43.86% |       15137      3.12%     46.98% |       15078      3.11%     50.09% |       15111      3.12%     53.21% |       15128      3.12%     56.33% |       15141      3.12%     59.45% |       15076      3.11%     62.56% |       15113      3.12%     65.68% |       15159      3.13%     68.81% |       15109      3.12%     71.93% |       15073      3.11%     75.04% |       15167      3.13%     78.16% |       15220      3.14%     81.30% |       15145      3.12%     84.43% |       15086      3.11%     87.54% |       15094      3.11%     90.65% |       15129      3.12%     93.77% |       15106      3.12%     96.89% |       15074      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       484768                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       51553      3.93%      3.93% |       40637      3.10%      7.03% |       40655      3.10%     10.13% |       40624      3.10%     13.23% |       40593      3.10%     16.32% |       40554      3.09%     19.42% |       40606      3.10%     22.51% |       40614      3.10%     25.61% |       40682      3.10%     28.71% |       40634      3.10%     31.81% |       40681      3.10%     34.91% |       40639      3.10%     38.01% |       40692      3.10%     41.11% |       40669      3.10%     44.22% |       40660      3.10%     47.32% |       40597      3.10%     50.41% |       40655      3.10%     53.51% |       40658      3.10%     56.61% |       40679      3.10%     59.71% |       40611      3.10%     62.81% |       40634      3.10%     65.91% |       40700      3.10%     69.01% |       40640      3.10%     72.11% |       40594      3.10%     75.21% |       40689      3.10%     78.31% |       40742      3.11%     81.42% |       40661      3.10%     84.52% |       40594      3.10%     87.61% |       40607      3.10%     90.71% |       40627      3.10%     93.81% |       40614      3.10%     96.91% |       40586      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1311381                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       50529      3.95%      3.95% |       39613      3.10%      7.05% |       39631      3.10%     10.15% |       39600      3.10%     13.25% |       39569      3.09%     16.34% |       39530      3.09%     19.43% |       39582      3.10%     22.53% |       39590      3.10%     25.62% |       39658      3.10%     28.73% |       39610      3.10%     31.82% |       39657      3.10%     34.93% |       39615      3.10%     38.02% |       39668      3.10%     41.13% |       39645      3.10%     44.23% |       39636      3.10%     47.33% |       39573      3.09%     50.42% |       39631      3.10%     53.52% |       39634      3.10%     56.62% |       39655      3.10%     59.72% |       39587      3.10%     62.82% |       39610      3.10%     65.92% |       39676      3.10%     69.02% |       39616      3.10%     72.12% |       39570      3.09%     75.21% |       39665      3.10%     78.32% |       39718      3.11%     81.42% |       39637      3.10%     84.52% |       39570      3.09%     87.62% |       39583      3.10%     90.71% |       39603      3.10%     93.81% |       39590      3.10%     96.91% |       39562      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1278613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     20.90%     20.90% |           4      1.49%     22.39% |           9      3.36%     25.75% |           6      2.24%     27.99% |           6      2.24%     30.22% |           2      0.75%     30.97% |           4      1.49%     32.46% |           5      1.87%     34.33% |           6      2.24%     36.57% |           5      1.87%     38.43% |           8      2.99%     41.42% |           5      1.87%     43.28% |           7      2.61%     45.90% |           4      1.49%     47.39% |           5      1.87%     49.25% |           3      1.12%     50.37% |           4      1.49%     51.87% |           6      2.24%     54.10% |           8      2.99%     57.09% |           6      2.24%     59.33% |          24      8.96%     68.28% |          22      8.21%     76.49% |           4      1.49%     77.99% |           5      1.87%     79.85% |           6      2.24%     82.09% |           6      2.24%     84.33% |           6      2.24%     86.57% |           7      2.61%     89.18% |           7      2.61%     91.79% |           8      2.99%     94.78% |           8      2.99%     97.76% |           6      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         622      3.30%      3.30% |         551      2.92%      6.22% |         526      2.79%      9.01% |         538      2.85%     11.87% |         540      2.87%     14.73% |         526      2.79%     17.53% |         567      3.01%     20.53% |         581      3.08%     23.62% |         614      3.26%     26.87% |         546      2.90%     29.77% |         597      3.17%     32.94% |         595      3.16%     36.10% |         645      3.42%     39.52% |         618      3.28%     42.80% |         607      3.22%     46.02% |         585      3.10%     49.12% |         620      3.29%     52.41% |         625      3.32%     55.73% |         617      3.27%     59.00% |         574      3.05%     62.05% |         560      2.97%     65.02% |         641      3.40%     68.42% |         597      3.17%     71.59% |         569      3.02%     74.61% |         627      3.33%     77.93% |         682      3.62%     81.55% |         618      3.28%     84.83% |         576      3.06%     87.89% |         549      2.91%     90.80% |         604      3.20%     94.00% |         580      3.08%     97.08% |         550      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18847                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171923      9.58%      9.58% |       54326      3.03%     12.60% |       49320      2.75%     15.35% |       53029      2.95%     18.30% |       53545      2.98%     21.29% |       49551      2.76%     24.05% |       46004      2.56%     26.61% |       46017      2.56%     29.17% |       51587      2.87%     32.04% |       49857      2.78%     34.82% |       54105      3.01%     37.84% |       51069      2.84%     40.68% |       48328      2.69%     43.37% |       46952      2.62%     45.99% |       47920      2.67%     48.66% |       46650      2.60%     51.25% |       50603      2.82%     54.07% |       48405      2.70%     56.77% |       49944      2.78%     59.55% |       54057      3.01%     62.56% |       54564      3.04%     65.60% |       63425      3.53%     69.13% |       58045      3.23%     72.37% |       53287      2.97%     75.34% |       53541      2.98%     78.32% |       51490      2.87%     81.19% |       52543      2.93%     84.11% |       52346      2.92%     87.03% |       55547      3.09%     90.12% |       55204      3.07%     93.20% |       63508      3.54%     96.73% |       58629      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1795321                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.77% |         481      3.07%     87.84% |         457      2.91%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       26087      5.16%      5.16% |       15518      3.07%      8.23% |       15543      3.07%     11.30% |       15496      3.06%     14.36% |       15473      3.06%     17.42% |       15450      3.05%     20.48% |       15459      3.06%     23.53% |       15457      3.06%     26.59% |       15496      3.06%     29.65% |       15509      3.07%     32.72% |       15531      3.07%     35.79% |       15454      3.06%     38.85% |       15467      3.06%     41.90% |       15475      3.06%     44.96% |       15481      3.06%     48.02% |       15443      3.05%     51.08% |       15456      3.06%     54.13% |       15446      3.05%     57.19% |       15473      3.06%     60.25% |       15453      3.06%     63.30% |       15471      3.06%     66.36% |       15479      3.06%     69.42% |       15493      3.06%     72.48% |       15469      3.06%     75.54% |       15485      3.06%     78.60% |       15484      3.06%     81.67% |       15456      3.06%     84.72% |       15443      3.05%     87.77% |       15479      3.06%     90.83% |       15445      3.05%     93.89% |       15446      3.05%     96.94% |       15464      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       505781                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24963      3.16%      3.16% |       24665      3.12%      6.28% |       24674      3.12%      9.41% |       24679      3.12%     12.53% |       24670      3.12%     15.65% |       24674      3.12%     18.78% |       24675      3.12%     21.90% |       24666      3.12%     25.02% |       24681      3.12%     28.15% |       24680      3.12%     31.27% |       24663      3.12%     34.40% |       24687      3.13%     37.52% |       24674      3.12%     40.64% |       24671      3.12%     43.77% |       24669      3.12%     46.89% |       24662      3.12%     50.01% |       24684      3.12%     53.14% |       24680      3.12%     56.26% |       24677      3.12%     59.39% |       24675      3.12%     62.51% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24698      3.13%     68.76% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.01% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.12%     81.26% |       24683      3.12%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.51% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.12%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789911                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         506      3.23%      3.23% |         455      2.90%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.92% |         449      2.86%     11.78% |         451      2.88%     14.66% |         432      2.75%     17.41% |         472      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.54% |         504      3.21%     26.76% |         442      2.82%     29.57% |         488      3.11%     32.69% |         499      3.18%     35.87% |         549      3.50%     39.37% |         522      3.33%     42.69% |         509      3.24%     45.94% |         490      3.12%     49.06% |         513      3.27%     52.33% |         532      3.39%     55.72% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.02%     65.17% |         524      3.34%     68.51% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         521      3.32%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         524      3.34%     84.80% |         480      3.06%     87.86% |         455      2.90%     90.76% |         509      3.24%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15686                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88129     38.79%     38.79% |        5267      2.32%     41.10% |        3172      1.40%     42.50% |        5914      2.60%     45.10% |        5488      2.42%     47.52% |        4304      1.89%     49.41% |        2807      1.24%     50.65% |        2782      1.22%     51.87% |        5285      2.33%     54.20% |        3565      1.57%     55.77% |        6872      3.02%     58.79% |        5077      2.23%     61.03% |        3568      1.57%     62.60% |        3044      1.34%     63.94% |        2703      1.19%     65.12% |        2775      1.22%     66.35% |        4843      2.13%     68.48% |        3263      1.44%     69.91% |        3369      1.48%     71.40% |        4479      1.97%     73.37% |        4424      1.95%     75.31% |       10702      4.71%     80.02% |        7638      3.36%     83.39% |        4119      1.81%     85.20% |        4061      1.79%     86.99% |        3489      1.54%     88.52% |        3030      1.33%     89.86% |        2758      1.21%     91.07% |        4631      2.04%     93.11% |        3981      1.75%     94.86% |        5742      2.53%     97.39% |        5939      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227220                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32740     12.02%     12.02% |        8872      3.26%     15.28% |        5926      2.18%     17.45% |        6937      2.55%     20.00% |        7914      2.91%     22.91% |        5123      1.88%     24.79% |        3063      1.12%     25.91% |        3112      1.14%     27.06% |        6124      2.25%     29.30% |        6102      2.24%     31.54% |        7039      2.58%     34.13% |        5850      2.15%     36.28% |        4613      1.69%     37.97% |        3762      1.38%     39.35% |        5065      1.86%     41.21% |        3770      1.38%     42.60% |        5620      2.06%     44.66% |        5016      1.84%     46.50% |        6418      2.36%     48.86% |        9445      3.47%     52.32% |        9979      3.66%     55.99% |       12546      4.61%     60.60% |       10244      3.76%     64.36% |        9025      3.31%     67.67% |        9308      3.42%     71.09% |        7836      2.88%     73.96% |        9373      3.44%     77.41% |        9474      3.48%     80.88% |       10761      3.95%     84.84% |       11106      4.08%     88.91% |       17638      6.48%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272359                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34371      4.33%      4.33% |       24452      3.08%      7.42% |       24467      3.09%     10.50% |       24459      3.08%     13.59% |       24451      3.08%     16.67% |       24447      3.08%     19.75% |       24454      3.08%     22.84% |       24461      3.08%     25.92% |       24487      3.09%     29.01% |       24486      3.09%     32.10% |       24483      3.09%     35.18% |       24493      3.09%     38.27% |       24472      3.09%     41.36% |       24481      3.09%     44.45% |       24476      3.09%     47.53% |       24473      3.09%     50.62% |       24498      3.09%     53.71% |       24483      3.09%     56.80% |       24489      3.09%     59.88% |       24489      3.09%     62.97% |       24472      3.09%     66.06% |       24490      3.09%     69.15% |       24482      3.09%     72.23% |       24474      3.09%     75.32% |       24476      3.09%     78.41% |       24472      3.09%     81.49% |       24469      3.09%     84.58% |       24461      3.08%     87.66% |       24464      3.08%     90.75% |       24449      3.08%     93.83% |       24459      3.08%     96.92% |       24463      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       793003                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15445      3.32%      3.32% |       14582      3.13%      6.45% |       14608      3.14%      9.58% |       14576      3.13%     12.71% |       14552      3.12%     15.84% |       14534      3.12%     18.96% |       14536      3.12%     22.08% |       14522      3.12%     25.19% |       14530      3.12%     28.31% |       14552      3.12%     31.44% |       14549      3.12%     34.56% |       14502      3.11%     37.67% |       14524      3.12%     40.79% |       14522      3.12%     43.91% |       14528      3.12%     47.03% |       14492      3.11%     50.14% |       14488      3.11%     53.25% |       14499      3.11%     56.36% |       14520      3.12%     59.48% |       14496      3.11%     62.59% |       14532      3.12%     65.71% |       14500      3.11%     68.83% |       14511      3.12%     71.94% |       14501      3.11%     75.05% |       14534      3.12%     78.17% |       14535      3.12%     81.29% |       14522      3.12%     84.41% |       14505      3.11%     87.53% |       14542      3.12%     90.65% |       14520      3.12%     93.77% |       14520      3.12%     96.88% |       14520      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171497      9.61%      9.61% |       53974      3.03%     12.64% |       48971      2.75%     15.38% |       52684      2.95%     18.34% |       53197      2.98%     21.32% |       49200      2.76%     24.08% |       45655      2.56%     26.64% |       45668      2.56%     29.20% |       51221      2.87%     32.07% |       49499      2.77%     34.84% |       53737      3.01%     37.86% |       50717      2.84%     40.70% |       47975      2.69%     43.39% |       46599      2.61%     46.00% |       47565      2.67%     48.67% |       46299      2.60%     51.26% |       50238      2.82%     54.08% |       48057      2.69%     56.77% |       49598      2.78%     59.55% |       53707      3.01%     62.56% |       54202      3.04%     65.60% |       63029      3.53%     69.14% |       57671      3.23%     72.37% |       52915      2.97%     75.34% |       53179      2.98%     78.32% |       51134      2.87%     81.18% |       52192      2.93%     84.11% |       51995      2.91%     87.02% |       55197      3.09%     90.12% |       54851      3.07%     93.19% |       63155      3.54%     96.73% |       58279      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1783857                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      2.13%      2.13% |           1      2.13%      4.26% |           3      6.38%     10.64% |           2      4.26%     14.89% |           1      2.13%     17.02% |           5     10.64%     27.66% |           1      2.13%     29.79% |           0      0.00%     29.79% |           0      0.00%     29.79% |           0      0.00%     29.79% |           3      6.38%     36.17% |           1      2.13%     38.30% |           1      2.13%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |           1      2.13%     42.55% |           0      0.00%     42.55% |           2      4.26%     46.81% |           4      8.51%     55.32% |           3      6.38%     61.70% |           2      4.26%     65.96% |           1      2.13%     68.09% |           2      4.26%     72.34% |           1      2.13%     74.47% |           2      4.26%     78.72% |           4      8.51%     87.23% |           3      6.38%     93.62% |           2      4.26%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         117      3.56%      3.56% |          97      2.95%      6.52% |          91      2.77%      9.29% |          90      2.74%     12.03% |          92      2.80%     14.83% |          89      2.71%     17.54% |          94      2.86%     20.41% |          94      2.86%     23.27% |         114      3.47%     26.74% |         106      3.23%     29.97% |         112      3.41%     33.38% |          98      2.99%     36.37% |          99      3.02%     39.38% |          98      2.99%     42.37% |         100      3.05%     45.42% |          96      2.92%     48.34% |         110      3.35%     51.69% |          97      2.95%     54.65% |          92      2.80%     57.45% |         100      3.05%     60.49% |         108      3.29%     63.78% |         135      4.11%     67.90% |         119      3.62%     71.52% |         120      3.66%     75.18% |         112      3.41%     78.59% |         106      3.23%     81.82% |          99      3.02%     84.83% |         101      3.08%     87.91% |          97      2.95%     90.86% |         100      3.05%     93.91% |         101      3.08%     96.98% |          99      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         3283                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     28.12%     28.12% |           8     25.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |          11     34.38%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           4     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           5     27.78%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           5     27.78%     77.78% |           2     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       50529      3.95%      3.95% |       39613      3.10%      7.05% |       39631      3.10%     10.15% |       39600      3.10%     13.25% |       39569      3.09%     16.34% |       39530      3.09%     19.43% |       39582      3.10%     22.53% |       39590      3.10%     25.62% |       39658      3.10%     28.73% |       39610      3.10%     31.82% |       39657      3.10%     34.93% |       39615      3.10%     38.02% |       39668      3.10%     41.13% |       39645      3.10%     44.23% |       39636      3.10%     47.33% |       39573      3.09%     50.42% |       39631      3.10%     53.52% |       39634      3.10%     56.62% |       39655      3.10%     59.72% |       39587      3.10%     62.82% |       39610      3.10%     65.92% |       39676      3.10%     69.02% |       39616      3.10%     72.12% |       39570      3.09%     75.21% |       39665      3.10%     78.32% |       39718      3.11%     81.42% |       39637      3.10%     84.52% |       39570      3.09%     87.62% |       39583      3.10%     90.71% |       39603      3.10%     93.81% |       39590      3.10%     96.91% |       39562      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1278613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     66.25%     66.25% |           0      0.00%     66.25% |           3      3.75%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           2      2.50%     72.50% |           0      0.00%     72.50% |           1      1.25%     73.75% |           0      0.00%     73.75% |           0      0.00%     73.75% |           0      0.00%     73.75% |           0      0.00%     73.75% |           0      0.00%     73.75% |           1      1.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2      2.50%     77.50% |           1      1.25%     78.75% |           1      1.25%     80.00% |           1      1.25%     81.25% |           1      1.25%     82.50% |           1      1.25%     83.75% |           1      1.25%     85.00% |           2      2.50%     87.50% |           4      5.00%     92.50% |           3      3.75%     96.25% |           2      2.50%     98.75% |           1      1.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2      9.52%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           3     14.29%     80.95% |           2      9.52%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     35.71%     35.71% |           9     64.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      1.74%      1.74% |           4      2.33%      4.07% |           5      2.91%      6.98% |           5      2.91%      9.88% |           5      2.91%     12.79% |           2      1.16%     13.95% |           3      1.74%     15.70% |           4      2.33%     18.02% |           5      2.91%     20.93% |           4      2.33%     23.26% |           5      2.91%     26.16% |           4      2.33%     28.49% |           5      2.91%     31.40% |           3      1.74%     33.14% |           4      2.33%     35.47% |           2      1.16%     36.63% |           3      1.74%     38.37% |           5      2.91%     41.28% |           6      3.49%     44.77% |           6      3.49%     48.26% |          22     12.79%     61.05% |          21     12.21%     73.26% |           3      1.74%     75.00% |           4      2.33%     77.33% |           5      2.91%     80.23% |           5      2.91%     83.14% |           5      2.91%     86.05% |           5      2.91%     88.95% |           3      1.74%     90.70% |           5      2.91%     93.60% |           6      3.49%     97.09% |           5      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          172                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         113      3.64%      3.64% |          93      2.99%      6.63% |          86      2.77%      9.40% |          85      2.73%     12.13% |          87      2.80%     14.93% |          87      2.80%     17.73% |          91      2.93%     20.66% |          90      2.90%     23.55% |         109      3.51%     27.06% |         102      3.28%     30.34% |         107      3.44%     33.78% |          94      3.02%     36.81% |          94      3.02%     39.83% |          95      3.06%     42.89% |          96      3.09%     45.98% |          94      3.02%     49.00% |         106      3.41%     52.41% |          92      2.96%     55.37% |          86      2.77%     58.14% |          94      3.02%     61.16% |          86      2.77%     63.93% |         114      3.67%     67.60% |         116      3.73%     71.33% |         116      3.73%     75.06% |         106      3.41%     78.47% |         101      3.25%     81.72% |          94      3.02%     84.75% |          96      3.09%     87.84% |          94      3.02%     90.86% |          95      3.06%     93.92% |          95      3.06%     96.98% |          94      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         3108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         506      3.23%      3.23% |         455      2.90%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.92% |         449      2.86%     11.78% |         451      2.88%     14.66% |         432      2.75%     17.41% |         472      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.54% |         504      3.21%     26.76% |         442      2.82%     29.57% |         488      3.11%     32.69% |         499      3.18%     35.87% |         549      3.50%     39.37% |         522      3.33%     42.69% |         509      3.24%     45.94% |         490      3.12%     49.06% |         513      3.27%     52.33% |         532      3.39%     55.72% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.02%     65.17% |         524      3.34%     68.51% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         521      3.32%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         524      3.34%     84.80% |         480      3.06%     87.86% |         455      2.90%     90.76% |         509      3.24%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15686                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       26087      5.16%      5.16% |       15518      3.07%      8.23% |       15543      3.07%     11.30% |       15496      3.06%     14.36% |       15473      3.06%     17.42% |       15450      3.05%     20.48% |       15459      3.06%     23.53% |       15457      3.06%     26.59% |       15496      3.06%     29.65% |       15509      3.07%     32.72% |       15531      3.07%     35.79% |       15454      3.06%     38.85% |       15467      3.06%     41.90% |       15475      3.06%     44.96% |       15481      3.06%     48.02% |       15443      3.05%     51.08% |       15456      3.06%     54.13% |       15446      3.05%     57.19% |       15473      3.06%     60.25% |       15453      3.06%     63.30% |       15471      3.06%     66.36% |       15479      3.06%     69.42% |       15493      3.06%     72.48% |       15469      3.06%     75.54% |       15485      3.06%     78.60% |       15484      3.06%     81.67% |       15456      3.06%     84.72% |       15443      3.05%     87.77% |       15479      3.06%     90.83% |       15445      3.05%     93.89% |       15446      3.05%     96.94% |       15464      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       505781                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.77% |         481      3.07%     87.84% |         457      2.91%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24963      3.16%      3.16% |       24665      3.12%      6.28% |       24674      3.12%      9.41% |       24679      3.12%     12.53% |       24670      3.12%     15.65% |       24674      3.12%     18.78% |       24675      3.12%     21.90% |       24666      3.12%     25.02% |       24681      3.12%     28.15% |       24680      3.12%     31.27% |       24663      3.12%     34.40% |       24687      3.13%     37.52% |       24674      3.12%     40.64% |       24671      3.12%     43.77% |       24669      3.12%     46.89% |       24662      3.12%     50.01% |       24684      3.12%     53.14% |       24680      3.12%     56.26% |       24677      3.12%     59.39% |       24675      3.12%     62.51% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24698      3.13%     68.76% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.01% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.12%     81.26% |       24683      3.12%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.51% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.12%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789911                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171921      9.58%      9.58% |       54322      3.03%     12.60% |       49315      2.75%     15.35% |       53026      2.95%     18.30% |       53545      2.98%     21.29% |       49551      2.76%     24.05% |       46004      2.56%     26.61% |       46017      2.56%     29.17% |       51586      2.87%     32.04% |       49856      2.78%     34.82% |       54105      3.01%     37.84% |       51068      2.84%     40.68% |       48322      2.69%     43.37% |       46952      2.62%     45.99% |       47918      2.67%     48.66% |       46650      2.60%     51.25% |       50603      2.82%     54.07% |       48405      2.70%     56.77% |       49937      2.78%     59.55% |       54052      3.01%     62.56% |       54563      3.04%     65.60% |       63425      3.53%     69.13% |       58045      3.23%     72.37% |       53287      2.97%     75.34% |       53540      2.98%     78.32% |       51489      2.87%     81.19% |       52542      2.93%     84.11% |       52345      2.92%     87.03% |       55542      3.09%     90.12% |       55204      3.07%     93.20% |       63507      3.54%     96.73% |       58629      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1795273                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           3     17.65%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           1      5.88%     23.53% |           1      5.88%     29.41% |           1      5.88%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           1      5.88%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           1      5.88%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           1      5.88%     58.82% |           1      5.88%     64.71% |           1      5.88%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           1      5.88%     76.47% |           1      5.88%     82.35% |           1      5.88%     88.24% |           1      5.88%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           17                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       39712     12.18%     12.18% |      162959     50.00%     62.18% |        8054      2.47%     64.66% |        8494      2.61%     67.26% |        7995      2.45%     69.72% |        8567      2.63%     72.34% |        8002      2.46%     74.80% |        8446      2.59%     77.39% |        6896      2.12%     79.51% |        7557      2.32%     81.82% |        7041      2.16%     83.99% |        7577      2.32%     86.31% |        7882      2.42%     88.73% |        7458      2.29%     91.02% |        6864      2.11%     93.12% |        7120      2.18%     95.31% |        7512      2.30%     97.61% |        7782      2.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       325918                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       39712     12.18%     12.18% |      162959     50.00%     62.18% |        8054      2.47%     64.66% |        8494      2.61%     67.26% |        7995      2.45%     69.72% |        8567      2.63%     72.34% |        8002      2.46%     74.80% |        8446      2.59%     77.39% |        6896      2.12%     79.51% |        7557      2.32%     81.82% |        7041      2.16%     83.99% |        7577      2.32%     86.31% |        7882      2.42%     88.73% |        7458      2.29%     91.02% |        6864      2.11%     93.12% |        7120      2.18%     95.31% |        7512      2.30%     97.61% |        7782      2.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       325918                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       39712     12.18%     12.18% |      162959     50.00%     62.18% |        8054      2.47%     64.66% |        8494      2.61%     67.26% |        7995      2.45%     69.72% |        8567      2.63%     72.34% |        8002      2.46%     74.80% |        8446      2.59%     77.39% |        6896      2.12%     79.51% |        7557      2.32%     81.82% |        7041      2.16%     83.99% |        7577      2.32%     86.31% |        7882      2.42%     88.73% |        7458      2.29%     91.02% |        6864      2.11%     93.12% |        7120      2.18%     95.31% |        7512      2.30%     97.61% |        7782      2.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       325918                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       39712     12.18%     12.18% |      162959     50.00%     62.18% |        8054      2.47%     64.66% |        8494      2.61%     67.26% |        7995      2.45%     69.72% |        8567      2.63%     72.34% |        8002      2.46%     74.80% |        8446      2.59%     77.39% |        6896      2.12%     79.51% |        7557      2.32%     81.82% |        7041      2.16%     83.99% |        7577      2.32%     86.31% |        7882      2.42%     88.73% |        7458      2.29%     91.02% |        6864      2.11%     93.12% |        7120      2.18%     95.31% |        7512      2.30%     97.61% |        7782      2.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       325918                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
