
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130693                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130693229500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306861308000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  16074                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    27750                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               49187509                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3697120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2657.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42708462                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73733828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21451904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21451904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13545152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13545152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164139367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164139367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103640809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103640809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267780176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           267780176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335186                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211643                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335186                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211643                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21450880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13544896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21451904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13545152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    98218                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     3201                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130692646500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335186                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211643                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                100965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       152891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.893212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.910973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.861667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51859     33.92%     33.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30652     20.05%     53.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53216     34.81%     88.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5934      3.88%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4032      2.64%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2282      1.49%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1357      0.89%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1063      0.70%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2496      1.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       152891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.856697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.919989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37822     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.592553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.405174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.892272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34463     91.07%     91.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2264      5.98%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          659      1.74%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          457      1.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33487689449                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            39772126949                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1675850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    99912.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              118662.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  255113                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 138804                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    239000.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041859000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4364100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98286934500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              584902080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              570953880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              319143000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              311532375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1314401400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1299916800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688532400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            682888320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49697756505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49265659170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34820956500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35199989250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          95961871485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95867119395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.257102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.532101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20799296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20799296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12917568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12917568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201837                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201837                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159145933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159145933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98838846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98838846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    257984780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           257984780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324989                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201837                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324989                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201837                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20798208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12917568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20799296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12917568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    65365                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2871                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130692378500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324989                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201837                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  3489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  3687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  3801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 69603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   6191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       126373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.795217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.711899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.516137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25418     20.11%     20.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29813     23.59%     43.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53014     41.95%     85.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5898      4.67%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4400      3.48%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2282      1.81%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1455      1.15%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1068      0.85%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3025      2.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       126373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.005154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.165935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36046     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           39      0.11%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.593067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.396560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.947954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32776     90.82%     90.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2120      5.87%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          709      1.96%     98.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          482      1.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 29290395020                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            35383620020                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    90132.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              108882.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  255673                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 144762                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248075.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549371500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4364100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97779534500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              485510760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              469869120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              264911625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              256377000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275744600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259029200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            657020160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650883600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49137283485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48197074185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35312601000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36137346000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95669251230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95506758705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.018089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.774769                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20798272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20798272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12917952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12917952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159138098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159138098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98841784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98841784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    257979883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           257979883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324973                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201843                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324973                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201843                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20797248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12917760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20798272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12917952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    63848                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2351                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130693126000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324973                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201843                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  3554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  3716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 67939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       126061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.447918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.224650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.474408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25524     20.25%     20.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28788     22.84%     43.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53616     42.53%     85.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5870      4.66%     90.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4473      3.55%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2287      1.81%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1415      1.12%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1037      0.82%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3051      2.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       126061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.997148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.208465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36067     99.87%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           45      0.12%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.588968                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.395600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.925384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32803     90.83%     90.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2134      5.91%     96.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          760      2.10%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          417      1.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 29125378230                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            35218321980                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    89628.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              108378.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  255592                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 145141                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248081.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403544000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4364100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97924836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              484112160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              468909000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              264148500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              255853125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275495000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259138400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656916480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            651006720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48869123850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47941501005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547827250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36361531500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95633802840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95474119350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.746868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.525042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20777280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20777280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12916800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12916800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158977478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158977478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98832970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98832970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257810448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257810448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324645                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201825                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324645                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201825                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20776448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12916608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20777280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12916800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    57529                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2674                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130692396000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324645                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201825                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 171086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  3865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  3890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  3899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  4197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 62001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       125211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   269.088179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.305126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.215016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24518     19.58%     19.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28851     23.04%     42.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53761     42.94%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5939      4.74%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4402      3.52%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2198      1.76%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1435      1.15%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1078      0.86%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3029      2.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       125211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.989642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.632171                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36067     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           38      0.11%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.589398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.940286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32808     90.86%     90.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2083      5.77%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          755      2.09%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          462      1.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 28666817732                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34753667732                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1623160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    88305.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              107055.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  255414                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 145827                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248242.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931206250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4364100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98397273250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              479780280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              466814880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              261784875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              254710500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273763400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258335000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656825760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650980800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48643589385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47893680855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35745664500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36403479000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95597587800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95464180635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.469767                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.448995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11834383                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 36.989690                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.444925                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                63.020860                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11642095     98.38%     98.38% |      126032      1.06%     99.44% |       55864      0.47%     99.91% |        9976      0.08%    100.00% |         415      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11834383                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31870674                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.115190                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.519827                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.802128                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29978349     94.06%     94.06% |     1296684      4.07%     98.13% |       22775      0.07%     98.20% |       26167      0.08%     98.28% |       22705      0.07%     98.36% |       33747      0.11%     98.46% |       52646      0.17%     98.63% |      137635      0.43%     99.06% |      299966      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31870674                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31870673                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              24.491828                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.873870                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            137.095436                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31717041     99.52%     99.52% |      133834      0.42%     99.94% |       15628      0.05%     99.99% |        3454      0.01%    100.00% |         679      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31870673                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29950208                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000182                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000157                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013565                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29944776     99.98%     99.98% |        5425      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29950208                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920465                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        359.660272                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       208.563706                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       438.600025                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1766833     92.00%     92.00% |      133834      6.97%     98.97% |       15628      0.81%     99.78% |        3454      0.18%     99.96% |         679      0.04%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920465                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         112747                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       112747                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          205                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          135                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          130                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          129                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23035295                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24208695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6913612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125757                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7039369                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       330041                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44962                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       120003                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085553                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70100                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        15732                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        15602                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        16062                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        15632                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77657                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        15835                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          166                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        16088                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        17091                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        16176                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       125036                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50821                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58041                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40613                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51920                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40637                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51345                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40575                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54761                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52646                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52771                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40613                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61597                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56677                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16551                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40708                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55294                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40630                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57023                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40579                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68566                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63072                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40525                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40584                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49318                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55183                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55057                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18621972                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18621972                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18882935                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18621972                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7759655                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7746032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18621972                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071243                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7600419                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7600419                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7823415                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7600419                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3546282                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3530463                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7600419                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.029077                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5815027                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5815027                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6087694                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5815027                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2342303                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2319735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5815027                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4846898                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4846898                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5103120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4846898                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2022604                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2004802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4846898                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6735355                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6735355                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7020322                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6735355                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3195270                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3149683                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6735355                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.025768                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6730639                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6730639                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6995272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6730639                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3119445                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3098919                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6730639                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025750                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7579260                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7579260                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7921500                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7579260                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2872492                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2845196                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7579260                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028996                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4955606                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4955606                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5277533                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4955606                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2032486                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2006690                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4955606                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.018959                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3296970                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3296970                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3442440                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3296970                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1437780                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1418894                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3296970                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012613                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4516001                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4516001                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4744576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4516001                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2103056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2075493                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4516001                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017277                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3145179                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3145179                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3241746                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3145179                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1269822                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1262639                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3145179                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012033                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2727879                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2727879                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2751797                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2727879                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1090220                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1089355                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2727879                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010436                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3793951                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3793951                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3826248                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3793951                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1677552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676651                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3793951                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014515                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2890823                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2890823                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2916266                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2890823                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1168369                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1167591                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2890823                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011060                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1689456                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1689456                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1713291                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1689456                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       658247                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       657288                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1689456                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006463                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2500455                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2500455                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2545506                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2500455                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       989340                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       986759                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2500455                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009566                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3516120                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3516120                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3567836                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3516120                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1299795                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1297268                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3516120                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013452                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2671632                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2671632                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2728156                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2671632                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1025296                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1022032                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2671632                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010221                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2666146                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2666146                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2735489                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2666146                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1070231                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1065118                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2666146                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010200                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584527                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584527                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1602243                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584527                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628374                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627655                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584527                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006062                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1451310                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1451310                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1455746                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1451310                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       633308                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       633234                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1451310                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2050376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2050376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2056291                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2050376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       957049                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956348                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2050376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007844                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1703995                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1703995                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1710842                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1703995                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       742791                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       742679                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1703995                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006519                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059700                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059700                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059700                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059700                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433984                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433984                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059700                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004054                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1394490                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1394490                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1399045                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1394490                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       581365                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581270                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1394490                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005335                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1883047                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1883047                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1888986                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1883047                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       862985                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862431                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1883047                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007204                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1638730                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1638730                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1645428                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1638730                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702547                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702422                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1638730                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006269                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1061011                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1061011                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1061011                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1061011                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431919                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431919                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1061011                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004059                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6134051                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6134051                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6520562                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6134051                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2510237                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2498815                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6134051                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023467                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6140789                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6140789                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6438826                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6140789                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2487208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2470601                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6140789                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023493                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6268124                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6268124                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6617899                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6268124                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2497073                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2483112                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6268124                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023980                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6405202                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6405202                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6728464                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6405202                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2586214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2567010                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6405202                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024505                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9831900     27.81%     27.81% |    23712630     67.07%     94.87% |     1812323      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35356853                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9831900     27.81%     27.81% |    23712630     67.07%     94.87% |     1812323      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35356853                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   322201918                       |   577196483                       |    40213810                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   260564039                       |    95327035                       |     1812323                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.771074                       |   24.341310                       |   22.189097                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   26.501901                       |    4.020095                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.575109                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    10.116947                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.692055                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002117                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046109      7.07%      7.07% |    0.045903      7.04%     14.11% |    0.045824      7.03%     21.14% |    0.045634      7.00%     28.14% |    0.109798     16.84%     44.98% |    0.107408     16.47%     61.45% |    0.109700     16.82%     78.27% |    0.107263     16.45%     94.73% |    0.008598      1.32%     96.04% |    0.008598      1.32%     97.36% |    0.008598      1.32%     98.68% |    0.008598      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.652031                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016149                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028940                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004932                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001881                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001980                       |    0.001898                       |    0.001809                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001936                       |    0.001927                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001929                       |    0.001862                       |    0.001845                       |    0.001859                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001903                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002083                       |    0.001971                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001974                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002237                       |    0.002113                       |    0.007687                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007444                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000131                       |    0.000562                       |    0.000054                       |    0.000059                       |    0.000053                       |    0.000059                       |    0.000054                       |    0.000059                       |    0.000045                       |    0.000049                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002116                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002087                       |    0.001256                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002024                       |    0.000045                       |    0.002341                       |    0.004719                       |    0.001703                       |           0                       |    0.002147                       |    0.005706                       |           0                       |    0.005018                       |    0.008189                       |    0.002407                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000054                       |    0.004960                       |    0.003844                       |    0.009615                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000059                       |    0.007680                       |    0.004180                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |    0.002163                       |    0.005478                       |           0                       |    0.008167                       |    0.004597                       |    0.003088                       |           0                       |    0.002036                       |           0                       |    0.003912                       |    0.002304                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001256                       |           0                       |    0.002263                       |           0                       |    0.001125                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002244                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000049                       |    0.002353                       |    0.004185                       |    0.004848                       |    0.002052                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002070                       |    0.000053                       |    0.004065                       |    0.008291                       |    0.006515                       |    0.002993                       |    0.029398                       |    0.004368                       |    0.000131                       |    0.003270                       |    0.013594                       |    0.016687                       |    0.003795                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000562                       |    0.003334                       |    0.005970                       |    0.013336                       |    0.003765                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000059                       |    0.005900                       |    0.004965                       |    0.007456                       |    0.003607                       |           0                       |    0.001965                       |           0                       |    0.001927                       |    0.003801                       |    0.003858                       |    0.002965                       |           0                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001048                       |    0.001939                       |    0.002165                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.000191                       |    0.002083                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |    0.002091                       |           0                       |    0.001922                       |    0.002191                       |    0.003864                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.002360                       |    0.005478                       |           0                       |    0.001712                       |    0.005007                       |    0.007495                       |    0.001928                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001909                       |    0.000054                       |    0.015140                       |    0.004943                       |    0.003155                       |    0.002016                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001911                       |    0.000059                       |    0.002071                       |    0.007475                       |    0.003690                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.002211                       |    0.005475                       |           0                       |    0.002394                       |    0.008116                       |    0.004298                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.001937                       |           0                       |    0.001073                       |    0.003797                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.000151                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001971                       |           0                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |           0                       |    0.003609                       |           0                       |    0.001928                       |           0                       |    0.002491                       |    0.000670                       |    0.004477                       |           0                       |    0.002016                       |           0                       |    0.007195                       |    0.002204                       |    0.002037                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005034                       |    0.002325                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.003853                       |    0.004336                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003961                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001974                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.652031                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6741705                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6741705                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4199006                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3563400                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.862941                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          496862                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30343                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13664943                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84179                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18898361                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182127                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13749122                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19080488                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32563304                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266306                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32829610                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7046602                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7056252                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7046602                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7056252                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257639621                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24239011                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50653804                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6741705                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4060262                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227805776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       427928                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340899                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7045928                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253607385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.360020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.510806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236676609     93.32%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2299991      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1303967      0.51%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1052360      0.41%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1854128      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1497915      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1152549      0.45%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741675      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7028191      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253607385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026167                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196607                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12000575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228764214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6897099                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5491050                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454440                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86674914                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454440                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14327581                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122714972                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15554781                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9919584                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90636020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84596184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2126429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83703081                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204425477                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133460184                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71470330                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389231                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395078                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40188262                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7105374                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19275741                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       780489                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       589597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82884813                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       480500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87203838                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320025                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9371814                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508499                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128998                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253607385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.343854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216609866     85.41%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14112468      5.56%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11421503      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3571046      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3338719      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2317737      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394783      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507137      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334126      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253607385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135433     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928775     76.10%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156281     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574089      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53541981     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13853371     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19126041     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87203838                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338472                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220489                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013996                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429555537                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92746095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78934620                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87850219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1240552                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340506                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9246                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752041                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7812719                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454440                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5092598                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115437366                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83365313                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128485                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7105374                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19275741                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       471488                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73143                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9246                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86495170                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13654438                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32573955                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5317144                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18919517                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79051666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78934632                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35241720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55625303                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306376                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633556                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9629911                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       351502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405896                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252024581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.023557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221235142     87.78%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11353592      4.50%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11520923      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3045109      1.21%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1343167      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       494000      0.20%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674462      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551868      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1806318      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252024581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42708461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73733825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24288567                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5764867                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4844367                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73120822                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       411302                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49015351     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5764867      7.82%     74.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18523700     25.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73733825                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1806318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333379641                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168316225                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4032236                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42708461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73733825                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.032519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.032519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165768                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165768                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        138939308                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54056279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27191195                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22543158                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43702603                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1359228500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1359228500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        49.569601                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.993831                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       90.052256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5310224     96.51%     96.51% |      126032      2.29%     98.80% |       55864      1.02%     99.81% |        9976      0.18%     99.99% |         415      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313820                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.068100                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.711763                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.905910                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4360356     69.06%     69.06% |     1920999     30.43%     99.49% |       28879      0.46%     99.94% |        3046      0.05%     99.99% |         464      0.01%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313820                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18051                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.355991                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.044207                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.148579                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         610      3.38%      3.38% |        2080     11.52%     14.90% |        8169     45.26%     60.16% |        4300     23.82%     83.98% |        2853     15.81%     99.78% |          39      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18051                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5864942                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           69.166663                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.312203                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         259.880078                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5756766     98.16%     98.16% |       93588      1.60%     99.75% |       11277      0.19%     99.94% |        2703      0.05%     99.99% |         575      0.01%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5864942                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5132555                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000702                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000605                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026717                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5128969     99.93%     99.93% |        3579      0.07%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5132555                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732387                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     532.856535                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    290.881121                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    543.278800                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      624211     85.23%     85.23% |       93588     12.78%     98.01% |       11277      1.54%     99.55% |        2703      0.37%     99.92% |         575      0.08%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732387                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18671477                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           18.169012                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.775236                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          99.734501                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18626054     99.76%     99.76% |       40216      0.22%     99.97% |        4348      0.02%    100.00% |         751      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18671477                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17637826                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009906                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17636095     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17637826                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033651                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     277.005575                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    190.578937                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    329.781348                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      988228     95.61%     95.61% |       40216      3.89%     99.50% |        4348      0.42%     99.92% |         751      0.07%     99.99% |         104      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033651                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7039369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.527574                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.178992                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.337262                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7039046    100.00%    100.00% |         291      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7039369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6913612                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6913610    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6913612                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125757                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.507391                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.901629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    65.767724                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125434     99.74%     99.74% |         291      0.23%     99.97% |          21      0.02%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125757                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.919371                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168731                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.741867                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287274     97.85%     97.85% |        4935      1.68%     99.53% |        1114      0.38%     99.91% |         133      0.05%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264826     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.676187                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.351461                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.821992                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4935     17.23%     95.22% |        1114      3.89%     99.11% |         133      0.46%     99.57% |          63      0.22%     99.79% |          49      0.17%     99.96% |           8      0.03%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12713                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1287251                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        21428                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    57277                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    57395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    56620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    57537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    57303                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    56849                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    53943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    56288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  20579                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  20461                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  21236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  20319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  20553                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  21007                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  23913                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  21568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    29215                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    28916                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    29855                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    28993                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    29411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    29866                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    32119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    30193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  937445                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140408908205739                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140408908227076                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  913857                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  941611                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                31755095                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31819728                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31792544                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                44391                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                44426                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                43727                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                44453                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                44158                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                43510                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                41858                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                43616                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              14777                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              14742                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              15441                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              14715                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              15010                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              15658                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              17310                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              15552                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               12886                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               12969                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               12893                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               13084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               13145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               13339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               12085                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               12672                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              5802                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              5719                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              5795                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              5604                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              5543                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              5349                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              6603                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              6016                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2559079                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2554356                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2556398                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2530884                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2531331                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2544953                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2612097                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2573474                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2398161                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2399926                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2390340                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2371485                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2380939                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2389708                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2455273                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2413133                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               821686                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               813043                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               819351                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               797732                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               783521                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               805940                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               829289                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               835387                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2398161                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2399926                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2390340                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2371485                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2380939                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2389708                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2455273                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2413133                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          821686                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          813043                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          819351                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          797732                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          783521                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          805940                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          829289                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          835387                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2498567                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2493844                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2495886                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2470372                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2470819                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2484441                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2551585                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2512962                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2538606                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2537288                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2524653                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2507959                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2495778                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2517256                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2584581                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2556515                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1598                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1574                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1553                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1579                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1600                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1616                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1589                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2910                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2700                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2857                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2708                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2880                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2458                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              9820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             10960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              9603                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             10926                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              9696                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             10964                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              7951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              8686                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles             305                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             112                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles             378                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             191                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             459                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles             280                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             633                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             549                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335161     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.40% |      324973     24.81%     75.21% |      324645     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309768                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205827     25.93%     25.93% |      196015     24.69%     50.62% |      196018     24.69%     75.31% |      195998     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793858                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335186     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.40% |      324973     24.81%     75.21% |      324645     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309793                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211643     25.90%     25.90% |      201837     24.70%     50.60% |      201843     24.70%     75.30% |      201825     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817148                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121142     25.07%     25.07% |      120782     25.00%     50.07% |      120763     25.00%     75.07% |      120455     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       483142                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335161     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.40% |      324973     24.81%     75.21% |      324645     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309768                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205590     25.92%     25.92% |      195837     24.69%     50.62% |      195843     24.69%     75.31% |      195825     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793095                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121142     25.07%     25.07% |      120782     25.00%     50.07% |      120763     25.00%     75.07% |      120455     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       483142                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335161     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.40% |      324973     24.81%     75.21% |      324645     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309768                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205590     25.92%     25.92% |      195837     24.69%     50.62% |      195843     24.69%     75.31% |      195825     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793095                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5397519     91.94%     91.94% |          17      0.00%     91.94% |       59146      1.01%     92.95% |       59149      1.01%     93.96% |       59148      1.01%     94.96% |       59148      1.01%     95.97% |       59142      1.01%     96.98% |       59145      1.01%     97.98% |       59145      1.01%     98.99% |       59151      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5870710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7039431    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7039431                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18821073     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |       18688      0.10%     99.31% |       18688      0.10%     99.41% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       18688      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.70% |       18688      0.10%     99.80% |       18688      0.10%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18970577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17995     99.83%     99.83% |          17      0.09%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           7      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297086     67.75%     67.75% |           0      0.00%     67.75% |       77165      4.03%     71.79% |       77154      4.03%     75.82% |       77171      4.03%     79.85% |       77160      4.03%     83.88% |       77151      4.03%     87.91% |       77160      4.03%     91.94% |       77162      4.03%     95.97% |       77171      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           4     17.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260143     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58975      8.06%     43.60% |       58974      8.06%     51.66% |       58975      8.06%     59.71% |       58973      8.06%     67.77% |       58970      8.06%     75.83% |       58971      8.06%     83.89% |       58969      8.06%     91.94% |       58977      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           4     17.39%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038992     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18688      1.57%     88.99% |       18687      1.57%     90.57% |       18688      1.57%     92.14% |       18688      1.57%     93.71% |       18687      1.57%     95.28% |       18687      1.57%     96.86% |       18687      1.57%     98.43% |       18688      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170596     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77151      4.32%     69.79% |       77149      4.32%     74.11% |       77151      4.32%     78.42% |       77145      4.32%     82.74% |       77145      4.32%     87.05% |       77146      4.32%     91.37% |       77144      4.32%     95.68% |       77148      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259961     35.53%     35.53% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58975      8.06%     43.59% |       58974      8.06%     51.65% |       58975      8.06%     59.70% |       58977      8.06%     67.76% |       58970      8.06%     75.82% |       58971      8.06%     83.88% |       58972      8.06%     91.94% |       58977      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122046    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912766     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18687      1.76%     89.44% |       18688      1.76%     91.20% |       18688      1.76%     92.96% |       18687      1.76%     94.72% |       18687      1.76%     96.48% |       18687      1.76%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.87%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           7      0.06%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           3      0.03%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         618    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3711    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1664     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           1      0.06%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6913612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6913612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4654     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2533104     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |         161      0.01%     99.96% |         162      0.01%     99.96% |         161      0.01%     99.97% |         159      0.01%     99.97% |         166      0.01%     99.98% |         165      0.01%     99.99% |         164      0.01%     99.99% |         159      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2534401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2018     99.95%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194933     29.36%     29.36% |           0      0.00%     29.36% |       58617      8.83%     38.20% |       58616      8.83%     47.02% |       58617      8.83%     55.86% |       58604      8.83%     64.68% |       58604      8.83%     73.51% |       58613      8.83%     82.34% |       58611      8.83%     91.17% |       58615      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2590955    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2590955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17840908    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17840912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975663     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18534      1.65%     88.46% |       18533      1.65%     90.10% |       18534      1.65%     91.75% |       18541      1.65%     93.40% |       18541      1.65%     95.05% |       18533      1.65%     96.70% |       18533      1.65%     98.35% |       18533      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     97.09%     97.09% |           0      0.00%     97.09% |          14      0.41%     97.50% |           5      0.15%     97.65% |          20      0.59%     98.24% |           7      0.21%     98.44% |           6      0.18%     98.62% |          14      0.41%     99.03% |          15      0.44%     99.47% |          18      0.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260143     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58975      8.06%     43.60% |       58974      8.06%     51.66% |       58975      8.06%     59.71% |       58973      8.06%     67.77% |       58970      8.06%     75.83% |       58971      8.06%     83.89% |       58969      8.06%     91.94% |       58977      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           4     17.39%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126193    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912799     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18687      1.76%     89.45% |       18688      1.76%     91.20% |       18688      1.76%     92.96% |       18687      1.76%     94.72% |       18687      1.76%     96.48% |       18687      1.76%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.51%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |          10      0.17%     98.68% |          13      0.23%     98.91% |          12      0.21%     99.12% |          12      0.21%     99.32% |           6      0.10%     99.43% |           9      0.16%     99.58% |           9      0.16%     99.74% |          15      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4215    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170596     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77151      4.32%     69.79% |       77149      4.32%     74.11% |       77151      4.32%     78.42% |       77145      4.32%     82.74% |       77145      4.32%     87.05% |       77146      4.32%     91.37% |       77144      4.32%     95.68% |       77148      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787775                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3726      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3612      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3750      2.98%     20.65% |        3352      2.66%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3139      2.50%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3587      2.85%     69.87% |        3421      2.72%     72.58% |        3732      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4706      3.74%     84.97% |        4114      3.27%     88.24% |        5237      4.16%     92.40% |        5088      4.04%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125796                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114265     15.60%     15.60% |       20774      2.84%     18.44% |       18703      2.55%     20.99% |       21408      2.92%     23.91% |       20939      2.86%     26.77% |       19809      2.70%     29.48% |       18239      2.49%     31.97% |       18196      2.48%     34.45% |       20762      2.83%     37.29% |       19040      2.60%     39.89% |       22392      3.06%     42.94% |       20506      2.80%     45.74% |       19010      2.60%     48.34% |       18490      2.52%     50.86% |       18194      2.48%     53.35% |       18194      2.48%     55.83% |       20282      2.77%     58.60% |       18682      2.55%     61.15% |       18871      2.58%     63.73% |       19910      2.72%     66.45% |       19864      2.71%     69.16% |       26175      3.57%     72.73% |       23096      3.15%     75.89% |       19561      2.67%     78.56% |       19481      2.66%     81.22% |       18931      2.58%     83.80% |       18455      2.52%     86.32% |       18172      2.48%     88.80% |       20085      2.74%     91.54% |       19390      2.65%     94.19% |       21162      2.89%     97.08% |       21378      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732416                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57707      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30804      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30306      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34684      3.26%     63.16% |       37253      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33995      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171655      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51364      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53861      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46424      2.60%     51.26% |       50382      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54318      3.04%     65.61% |       63146      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53271      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58397      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787782                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34184      4.31%      4.31% |       24455      3.08%      7.40% |       24473      3.09%     10.48% |       24465      3.09%     13.57% |       24455      3.08%     16.65% |       24454      3.08%     19.74% |       24459      3.08%     22.82% |       24460      3.08%     25.90% |       24486      3.09%     28.99% |       24482      3.09%     32.08% |       24482      3.09%     35.17% |       24489      3.09%     38.26% |       24469      3.09%     41.34% |       24476      3.09%     44.43% |       24472      3.09%     47.52% |       24467      3.09%     50.60% |       24499      3.09%     53.69% |       24483      3.09%     56.78% |       24490      3.09%     59.87% |       24486      3.09%     62.96% |       24474      3.09%     66.04% |       24492      3.09%     69.13% |       24483      3.09%     72.22% |       24474      3.09%     75.31% |       24493      3.09%     78.39% |       24485      3.09%     81.48% |       24478      3.09%     84.57% |       24472      3.09%     87.66% |       24477      3.09%     90.74% |       24461      3.08%     93.83% |       24470      3.09%     96.91% |       24473      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       792918                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15516      3.21%      3.21% |       15107      3.13%      6.34% |       15114      3.13%      9.46% |       15088      3.12%     12.58% |       15064      3.12%     15.70% |       15026      3.11%     18.81% |       15072      3.12%     21.93% |       15077      3.12%     25.05% |       15114      3.13%     28.18% |       15071      3.12%     31.29% |       15126      3.13%     34.42% |       15078      3.12%     37.54% |       15150      3.13%     40.68% |       15115      3.13%     43.81% |       15118      3.13%     46.93% |       15062      3.12%     50.05% |       15083      3.12%     53.17% |       15101      3.12%     56.29% |       15118      3.13%     59.42% |       15051      3.11%     62.54% |       15093      3.12%     65.66% |       15147      3.13%     68.79% |       15079      3.12%     71.91% |       15046      3.11%     75.03% |       15118      3.13%     78.15% |       15176      3.14%     81.29% |       15106      3.13%     84.42% |       15047      3.11%     87.53% |       15057      3.12%     90.65% |       15088      3.12%     93.77% |       15066      3.12%     96.89% |       15045      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       483319                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50812      3.88%      3.88% |       40610      3.10%      6.98% |       40633      3.10%     10.08% |       40599      3.10%     13.18% |       40564      3.10%     16.28% |       40525      3.09%     19.37% |       40577      3.10%     22.47% |       40583      3.10%     25.57% |       40646      3.10%     28.67% |       40599      3.10%     31.77% |       40653      3.10%     34.88% |       40612      3.10%     37.98% |       40664      3.10%     41.08% |       40636      3.10%     44.18% |       40635      3.10%     47.29% |       40574      3.10%     50.38% |       40627      3.10%     53.49% |       40630      3.10%     56.59% |       40654      3.10%     59.69% |       40583      3.10%     62.79% |       40613      3.10%     65.89% |       40686      3.11%     69.00% |       40608      3.10%     72.10% |       40565      3.10%     75.20% |       40656      3.10%     78.30% |       40708      3.11%     81.41% |       40630      3.10%     84.51% |       40564      3.10%     87.61% |       40579      3.10%     90.70% |       40595      3.10%     93.80% |       40583      3.10%     96.90% |       40565      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309768                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49788      3.90%      3.90% |       39586      3.10%      7.00% |       39609      3.10%     10.10% |       39575      3.10%     13.20% |       39540      3.10%     16.30% |       39501      3.09%     19.39% |       39553      3.10%     22.49% |       39559      3.10%     25.58% |       39622      3.10%     28.69% |       39575      3.10%     31.79% |       39629      3.10%     34.89% |       39588      3.10%     37.99% |       39640      3.10%     41.09% |       39612      3.10%     44.20% |       39611      3.10%     47.30% |       39550      3.10%     50.39% |       39603      3.10%     53.50% |       39606      3.10%     56.60% |       39630      3.10%     59.70% |       39559      3.10%     62.80% |       39589      3.10%     65.90% |       39662      3.11%     69.00% |       39584      3.10%     72.10% |       39541      3.10%     75.20% |       39632      3.10%     78.30% |       39684      3.11%     81.41% |       39606      3.10%     84.51% |       39540      3.10%     87.61% |       39555      3.10%     90.71% |       39571      3.10%     93.81% |       39559      3.10%     96.90% |       39541      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1277000                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     20.43%     20.43% |           6      2.15%     22.58% |           9      3.23%     25.81% |           6      2.15%     27.96% |           7      2.51%     30.47% |           3      1.08%     31.54% |           4      1.43%     32.97% |           6      2.15%     35.13% |           6      2.15%     37.28% |           5      1.79%     39.07% |           8      2.87%     41.94% |           5      1.79%     43.73% |           7      2.51%     46.24% |           4      1.43%     47.67% |           5      1.79%     49.46% |           5      1.79%     51.25% |           5      1.79%     53.05% |           6      2.15%     55.20% |           9      3.23%     58.42% |           8      2.87%     61.29% |          23      8.24%     69.53% |          23      8.24%     77.78% |           5      1.79%     79.57% |           6      2.15%     81.72% |           6      2.15%     83.87% |           5      1.79%     85.66% |           6      2.15%     87.81% |           7      2.51%     90.32% |           8      2.87%     93.19% |           7      2.51%     95.70% |           7      2.51%     98.21% |           5      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          279                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         572      3.22%      3.22% |         519      2.93%      6.15% |         503      2.84%      8.99% |         512      2.89%     11.87% |         507      2.86%     14.73% |         494      2.78%     17.51% |         535      3.02%     20.53% |         547      3.08%     23.61% |         566      3.19%     26.80% |         504      2.84%     29.64% |         564      3.18%     32.82% |         563      3.17%     36.00% |         609      3.43%     39.43% |         582      3.28%     42.71% |         578      3.26%     45.97% |         554      3.12%     49.09% |         576      3.25%     52.34% |         590      3.33%     55.67% |         590      3.33%     58.99% |         538      3.03%     62.02% |         533      3.00%     65.03% |         617      3.48%     68.51% |         557      3.14%     71.65% |         532      3.00%     74.64% |         583      3.29%     77.93% |         641      3.61%     81.54% |         583      3.29%     84.83% |         539      3.04%     87.87% |         511      2.88%     90.75% |         566      3.19%     93.94% |         547      3.08%     97.02% |         528      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17740                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171908      9.58%      9.58% |       54294      3.03%     12.61% |       49294      2.75%     15.35% |       52999      2.95%     18.31% |       53512      2.98%     21.29% |       49519      2.76%     24.05% |       45959      2.56%     26.61% |       45966      2.56%     29.17% |       51560      2.87%     32.05% |       49822      2.78%     34.82% |       54073      3.01%     37.84% |       51038      2.84%     40.68% |       48299      2.69%     43.37% |       46918      2.61%     45.99% |       47895      2.67%     48.66% |       46622      2.60%     51.26% |       50579      2.82%     54.08% |       48372      2.70%     56.77% |       49910      2.78%     59.55% |       54017      3.01%     62.56% |       54533      3.04%     65.60% |       63397      3.53%     69.14% |       58007      3.23%     72.37% |       53251      2.97%     75.34% |       53468      2.98%     78.32% |       51448      2.87%     81.18% |       52511      2.93%     84.11% |       52314      2.92%     87.03% |       55517      3.09%     90.12% |       55168      3.07%     93.20% |       63477      3.54%     96.73% |       58602      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794249                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.22% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         481      3.07%     87.84% |         456      2.91%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25545      5.06%      5.06% |       15491      3.07%      8.14% |       15521      3.08%     11.21% |       15471      3.07%     14.28% |       15444      3.06%     17.34% |       15421      3.06%     20.40% |       15430      3.06%     23.46% |       15426      3.06%     26.52% |       15460      3.07%     29.58% |       15474      3.07%     32.65% |       15503      3.07%     35.72% |       15427      3.06%     38.78% |       15439      3.06%     41.84% |       15442      3.06%     44.91% |       15456      3.06%     47.97% |       15420      3.06%     51.03% |       15429      3.06%     54.09% |       15418      3.06%     57.14% |       15448      3.06%     60.21% |       15425      3.06%     63.27% |       15451      3.06%     66.33% |       15465      3.07%     69.39% |       15461      3.07%     72.46% |       15440      3.06%     75.52% |       15452      3.06%     78.58% |       15450      3.06%     81.65% |       15425      3.06%     84.71% |       15413      3.06%     87.76% |       15452      3.06%     90.83% |       15413      3.06%     93.88% |       15415      3.06%     96.94% |       15443      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504370                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24764      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24698      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         510      3.25%      3.25% |         455      2.90%      6.15% |         438      2.79%      8.94% |         449      2.86%     11.80% |         451      2.87%     14.68% |         432      2.75%     17.43% |         472      3.01%     20.44% |         490      3.12%     23.56% |         504      3.21%     26.78% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.89% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.71% |         509      3.24%     45.96% |         490      3.12%     49.08% |         513      3.27%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.17% |         473      3.01%     65.19% |         524      3.34%     68.53% |         479      3.05%     71.58% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         521      3.32%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         480      3.06%     87.87% |         454      2.89%     90.76% |         509      3.24%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88656     38.96%     38.96% |        5262      2.31%     41.27% |        3168      1.39%     42.66% |        5909      2.60%     45.26% |        5484      2.41%     47.67% |        4301      1.89%     49.56% |        2791      1.23%     50.79% |        2762      1.21%     52.00% |        5296      2.33%     54.33% |        3565      1.57%     55.90% |        6868      3.02%     58.91% |        5073      2.23%     61.14% |        3567      1.57%     62.71% |        3043      1.34%     64.05% |        2703      1.19%     65.24% |        2770      1.22%     66.45% |        4844      2.13%     68.58% |        3258      1.43%     70.01% |        3360      1.48%     71.49% |        4467      1.96%     73.45% |        4413      1.94%     75.39% |       10688      4.70%     80.09% |        7632      3.35%     83.44% |        4112      1.81%     85.25% |        4020      1.77%     87.02% |        3481      1.53%     88.55% |        3029      1.33%     89.88% |        2756      1.21%     91.09% |        4628      2.03%     93.12% |        3977      1.75%     94.87% |        5742      2.52%     97.39% |        5933      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32939     12.09%     12.09% |        8872      3.26%     15.34% |        5926      2.17%     17.51% |        6937      2.55%     20.06% |        7914      2.90%     22.96% |        5123      1.88%     24.84% |        3063      1.12%     25.97% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6122      2.25%     29.35% |        6102      2.24%     31.59% |        7039      2.58%     34.18% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.01% |        3762      1.38%     39.39% |        5065      1.86%     41.25% |        3770      1.38%     42.64% |        5623      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.89% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9980      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9309      3.42%     71.11% |        7836      2.87%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.07%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272561                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34182      4.31%      4.31% |       24451      3.08%      7.40% |       24467      3.09%     10.48% |       24461      3.09%     13.57% |       24453      3.08%     16.65% |       24447      3.08%     19.73% |       24454      3.08%     22.82% |       24459      3.09%     25.90% |       24485      3.09%     28.99% |       24480      3.09%     32.08% |       24478      3.09%     35.17% |       24487      3.09%     38.26% |       24466      3.09%     41.34% |       24475      3.09%     44.43% |       24470      3.09%     47.52% |       24466      3.09%     50.60% |       24498      3.09%     53.69% |       24482      3.09%     56.78% |       24486      3.09%     59.87% |       24485      3.09%     62.96% |       24470      3.09%     66.04% |       24487      3.09%     69.13% |       24479      3.09%     72.22% |       24472      3.09%     75.30% |       24492      3.09%     78.39% |       24482      3.09%     81.48% |       24477      3.09%     84.57% |       24470      3.09%     87.66% |       24473      3.09%     90.74% |       24458      3.08%     93.83% |       24468      3.09%     96.91% |       24471      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792831                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14943      3.21%      3.21% |       14586      3.13%      6.34% |       14609      3.14%      9.48% |       14575      3.13%     12.61% |       14553      3.13%     15.74% |       14536      3.12%     18.86% |       14539      3.12%     21.99% |       14526      3.12%     25.11% |       14544      3.12%     28.23% |       14565      3.13%     31.36% |       14559      3.13%     34.49% |       14513      3.12%     37.61% |       14538      3.12%     40.73% |       14531      3.12%     43.85% |       14538      3.12%     46.98% |       14505      3.12%     50.09% |       14504      3.12%     53.21% |       14507      3.12%     56.33% |       14524      3.12%     59.45% |       14506      3.12%     62.56% |       14541      3.12%     65.69% |       14512      3.12%     68.80% |       14521      3.12%     71.92% |       14510      3.12%     75.04% |       14530      3.12%     78.16% |       14533      3.12%     81.29% |       14518      3.12%     84.40% |       14503      3.12%     87.52% |       14542      3.12%     90.64% |       14518      3.12%     93.76% |       14514      3.12%     96.88% |       14514      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465457                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171648      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51364      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53861      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46424      2.60%     51.26% |       50382      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54318      3.04%     65.61% |       63146      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53271      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58397      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787775                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.82%      1.82% |           2      3.64%      5.45% |           4      7.27%     12.73% |           2      3.64%     16.36% |           1      1.82%     18.18% |           5      9.09%     27.27% |           2      3.64%     30.91% |           0      0.00%     30.91% |           0      0.00%     30.91% |           0      0.00%     30.91% |           3      5.45%     36.36% |           1      1.82%     38.18% |           1      1.82%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2      3.64%     43.64% |           1      1.82%     45.45% |           3      5.45%     50.91% |           5      9.09%     60.00% |           4      7.27%     67.27% |           2      3.64%     70.91% |           1      1.82%     72.73% |           2      3.64%     76.36% |           1      1.82%     78.18% |           2      3.64%     81.82% |           4      7.27%     89.09% |           3      5.45%     94.55% |           2      3.64%     98.18% |           1      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           55                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          63      2.90%      2.90% |          66      3.04%      5.94% |          67      3.08%      9.02% |          64      2.95%     11.97% |          60      2.76%     14.73% |          58      2.67%     17.40% |          61      2.81%     20.20% |          61      2.81%     23.01% |          66      3.04%     26.05% |          64      2.95%     28.99% |          79      3.64%     32.63% |          66      3.04%     35.66% |          63      2.90%     38.56% |          62      2.85%     41.42% |          71      3.27%     44.68% |          67      3.08%     47.77% |          66      3.04%     50.81% |          62      2.85%     53.66% |          65      2.99%     56.65% |          65      2.99%     59.64% |          79      3.64%     63.28% |         111      5.11%     68.38% |          79      3.64%     72.02% |          84      3.87%     75.89% |          67      3.08%     78.97% |          64      2.95%     81.91% |          64      2.95%     84.86% |          64      2.95%     87.80% |          61      2.81%     90.61% |          61      2.81%     93.42% |          67      3.08%     96.50% |          76      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     27.03%     27.03% |           7     18.92%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |          14     37.84%     83.78% |           3      8.11%     91.89% |           3      8.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           7     29.17%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          10     41.67%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           4     16.67%     91.67% |           2      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49788      3.90%      3.90% |       39586      3.10%      7.00% |       39609      3.10%     10.10% |       39575      3.10%     13.20% |       39540      3.10%     16.30% |       39501      3.09%     19.39% |       39553      3.10%     22.49% |       39559      3.10%     25.58% |       39622      3.10%     28.69% |       39575      3.10%     31.79% |       39629      3.10%     34.89% |       39588      3.10%     37.99% |       39640      3.10%     41.09% |       39612      3.10%     44.20% |       39611      3.10%     47.30% |       39550      3.10%     50.39% |       39603      3.10%     53.50% |       39606      3.10%     56.60% |       39630      3.10%     59.70% |       39559      3.10%     62.80% |       39589      3.10%     65.90% |       39662      3.11%     69.00% |       39584      3.10%     72.10% |       39541      3.10%     75.20% |       39632      3.10%     78.30% |       39684      3.11%     81.41% |       39606      3.10%     84.51% |       39540      3.10%     87.61% |       39555      3.10%     90.71% |       39571      3.10%     93.81% |       39559      3.10%     96.90% |       39541      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1277000                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     61.63%     61.63% |           1      1.16%     62.79% |           3      3.49%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           2      2.33%     68.60% |           0      0.00%     68.60% |           1      1.16%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           2      2.33%     72.09% |           1      1.16%     73.26% |           3      3.49%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           2      2.33%     81.40% |           1      1.16%     82.56% |           1      1.16%     83.72% |           1      1.16%     84.88% |           1      1.16%     86.05% |           2      2.33%     88.37% |           4      4.65%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           9     90.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.26%      2.26% |           5      2.82%      5.08% |           5      2.82%      7.91% |           5      2.82%     10.73% |           6      3.39%     14.12% |           3      1.69%     15.82% |           3      1.69%     17.51% |           5      2.82%     20.34% |           5      2.82%     23.16% |           4      2.26%     25.42% |           5      2.82%     28.25% |           4      2.26%     30.51% |           5      2.82%     33.33% |           3      1.69%     35.03% |           4      2.26%     37.29% |           4      2.26%     39.55% |           4      2.26%     41.81% |           5      2.82%     44.63% |           6      3.39%     48.02% |           7      3.95%     51.98% |          20     11.30%     63.28% |          21     11.86%     75.14% |           3      1.69%     76.84% |           5      2.82%     79.66% |           5      2.82%     82.49% |           4      2.26%     84.75% |           5      2.82%     87.57% |           5      2.82%     90.40% |           4      2.26%     92.66% |           4      2.26%     94.92% |           5      2.82%     97.74% |           4      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          177                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          59      2.96%      2.96% |          61      3.06%      6.01% |          62      3.11%      9.12% |          59      2.96%     12.07% |          54      2.71%     14.78% |          55      2.76%     17.54% |          58      2.91%     20.44% |          56      2.81%     23.25% |          61      3.06%     26.30% |          60      3.01%     29.31% |          74      3.71%     33.02% |          62      3.11%     36.12% |          58      2.91%     39.03% |          59      2.96%     41.98% |          67      3.36%     45.34% |          63      3.16%     48.50% |          62      3.11%     51.60% |          57      2.86%     54.46% |          59      2.96%     57.41% |          58      2.91%     60.32% |          59      2.96%     63.28% |          90      4.51%     67.79% |          76      3.81%     71.59% |          79      3.96%     75.55% |          62      3.11%     78.66% |          60      3.01%     81.66% |          59      2.96%     84.62% |          59      2.96%     87.58% |          57      2.86%     90.43% |          57      2.86%     93.29% |          62      3.11%     96.39% |          72      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1996                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         510      3.25%      3.25% |         455      2.90%      6.15% |         438      2.79%      8.94% |         449      2.86%     11.80% |         451      2.87%     14.68% |         432      2.75%     17.43% |         472      3.01%     20.44% |         490      3.12%     23.56% |         504      3.21%     26.78% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.89% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.71% |         509      3.24%     45.96% |         490      3.12%     49.08% |         513      3.27%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.17% |         473      3.01%     65.19% |         524      3.34%     68.53% |         479      3.05%     71.58% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         521      3.32%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         480      3.06%     87.87% |         454      2.89%     90.76% |         509      3.24%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25545      5.06%      5.06% |       15491      3.07%      8.14% |       15521      3.08%     11.21% |       15471      3.07%     14.28% |       15444      3.06%     17.34% |       15421      3.06%     20.40% |       15430      3.06%     23.46% |       15426      3.06%     26.52% |       15460      3.07%     29.58% |       15474      3.07%     32.65% |       15503      3.07%     35.72% |       15427      3.06%     38.78% |       15439      3.06%     41.84% |       15442      3.06%     44.91% |       15456      3.06%     47.97% |       15420      3.06%     51.03% |       15429      3.06%     54.09% |       15418      3.06%     57.14% |       15448      3.06%     60.21% |       15425      3.06%     63.27% |       15451      3.06%     66.33% |       15465      3.07%     69.39% |       15461      3.07%     72.46% |       15440      3.06%     75.52% |       15452      3.06%     78.58% |       15450      3.06%     81.65% |       15425      3.06%     84.71% |       15413      3.06%     87.76% |       15452      3.06%     90.83% |       15413      3.06%     93.88% |       15415      3.06%     96.94% |       15443      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504370                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.22% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         481      3.07%     87.84% |         456      2.91%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24764      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24698      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171906      9.58%      9.58% |       54290      3.03%     12.61% |       49289      2.75%     15.35% |       52996      2.95%     18.31% |       53512      2.98%     21.29% |       49519      2.76%     24.05% |       45959      2.56%     26.61% |       45966      2.56%     29.17% |       51559      2.87%     32.05% |       49821      2.78%     34.82% |       54073      3.01%     37.84% |       51037      2.84%     40.68% |       48293      2.69%     43.37% |       46918      2.61%     45.99% |       47893      2.67%     48.66% |       46622      2.60%     51.26% |       50579      2.82%     54.08% |       48372      2.70%     56.77% |       49903      2.78%     59.55% |       54012      3.01%     62.56% |       54532      3.04%     65.60% |       63397      3.53%     69.14% |       58007      3.23%     72.37% |       53251      2.97%     75.34% |       53467      2.98%     78.32% |       51447      2.87%     81.18% |       52510      2.93%     84.11% |       52313      2.92%     87.03% |       55512      3.09%     90.12% |       55168      3.07%     93.20% |       63476      3.54%     96.73% |       58602      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794201                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           7     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       34142     11.61%     11.61% |      147017     50.00%     61.61% |       14086      4.79%     66.40% |       15490      5.27%     71.67% |       13893      4.72%     76.40% |       15352      5.22%     81.62% |       13999      4.76%     86.38% |       15460      5.26%     91.64% |       11846      4.03%     95.66% |       12749      4.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       294034                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       34142     11.61%     11.61% |      147017     50.00%     61.61% |       14086      4.79%     66.40% |       15490      5.27%     71.67% |       13893      4.72%     76.40% |       15352      5.22%     81.62% |       13999      4.76%     86.38% |       15460      5.26%     91.64% |       11846      4.03%     95.66% |       12749      4.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       294034                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       34142     11.61%     11.61% |      147017     50.00%     61.61% |       14086      4.79%     66.40% |       15490      5.27%     71.67% |       13893      4.72%     76.40% |       15352      5.22%     81.62% |       13999      4.76%     86.38% |       15460      5.26%     91.64% |       11846      4.03%     95.66% |       12749      4.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       294034                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       34142     11.61%     11.61% |      147017     50.00%     61.61% |       14086      4.79%     66.40% |       15490      5.27%     71.67% |       13893      4.72%     76.40% |       15352      5.22%     81.62% |       13999      4.76%     86.38% |       15460      5.26%     91.64% |       11846      4.03%     95.66% |       12749      4.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       294034                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
